but. . . .  The sense of the answer is there and we are marked wrong
The learnsmart modules are really long	
I have taken a biology class before, so I am familar with a fair amount of this material 	
Gelmônio vai se Fuder
this is way too much to do!!!!!!	
Bigbang is the best
It really helps... I need to use it much more.	
Worst module I have ever used. Not helpful. Too much time required. Also, too slow for my computer and is very frustrating. Hopefully teacher never uses this agai, for the sake of future students. I am an A student, and I hate this module.
horrible program.
12
Some of the questions can be a little obscure, mainly those pertaining to using interjections or expressions	
I find that I like to use this program as a study tool but when it is used for homework its a waste of time. A lot of the questions just keep repeating themselves. That honestly shows me that there are not enough questions so there should be less per unit
português espanhol ingles
Corrija todos os erros, todos os erros do MUNDO !!!!
I find LearnSmart to be very interactive and easy to use. I think it is a great study tool and I feel more knowledgable on the textbook information because of the way that LearnSmart sets up the information online with the questions, portfolios and quizzes.	
não posso, ja to namorando a Gabriela Barbosa, segue ela no insta _gaaoliveira
i like the multiple choice questions a lot better. i got a few questions wrong because of spelling and using a different term that they did not accept
It helps a lot to learn.	
I like the difficult questoins they are very helpful	
I am far too intelligent to need the assistance of LearnSmart. Muhahahahahahahah!!!!!
this is a waste of my time, i dont actually learn, i just memorize the answers
it is good stuff	
i feel like what the learnsmart module prepares me for as far as knowing and applying the material is not the same as the knowledge and application skills expected from me in the quizzes	
voce tambem esta a procura da casa automatica guerreiro?
This is very helpful!	
CHUPAR UM CÚ YPÁ
melhor um buraco na sua camisinha do que uma camisinha no seu buraco.
I absolutley hate learnsmart, what type of masochist would think this is a good way to study it is near impossible to find any of the answers in the books
Very time consuming but not bad and I do tend to remember what has been studied this way.	
I just forget to read ALL of the answers before answering	
Every time i answer a question well 75% of the time i have a logical explaination for that i know that i do get wrong answer sometimes but it is anoying answering something and getting it wrong when you can't even explain your reasoning
Learn smart is a helpful tool in preparing for the chapter quiz	
o de cima é corno
I think this program is great! I have not been using it as much as I would like yet because the beginning of this semester has been pretty hectic. But, once I start getting a routine going I will be using this program much more, it makes studying seem like a game. Maybe that's a good thing for this generation...	
THE LITTLE THINGS THAT POP UP AND TELL YOU TO TAKE A BREAK ARE ANNOYING, MAYBE AFTER AN HOUR OR SO I COULD SEE BUT IT SEEMS LIKE EVERY FEW MINUTES I HAVE TO TELL IT NO.  WHEN I AM TRYING TO GET SOME GOOD STUDY TIME IN I JUST SIT DOWN AND STUDY.  IF I TAKE A BREAK I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO IT.  THE LAST THING I NEED IS AN EXCUSE TO STOP DOING MY LESSONS.
I feel that there should be a training module which does not calculate the number of correct or incorrect in your point standing.
Eu realmente deveria ter cometido isso quando terminei ...
I will to have more videos in the LearnSmart so that I can correct my pronunciation	
you SUCK!!!!!
Olha que eu vou, man
very user friendly	
Wish I could use this for Organic Chemistry	
im so tired	
i have trouble remembering the definitions	
Some questions regarding bottleneck and contraint confused me but I feel this is a great tool to show you what you didn't observe while reading the chapter.	
the questions are difficult but I like them. they help me learn the subject matter better	
Love this program	
A lot of my learning is done through my own study of the chapter. LearnSmart is more frustrating in that it requires exact wordings. I understand the concepts, but the key terms and wordings are frustrating. It seems most of what LearnSmart is training me in is pattern recognition, when a question I missed once comes up again and I get another chance to pick an answer.	
some stuff i already knew, so not bad	
ive always found it helpful if the questions are asked in order in the chapter, easier to look up and i learn it quicker that why, but thats just one of the ways i learn	
e os amigos
awesome resource	
I think this way of studying will help me out in the long run understanding the material and with the tests. I found this very helpful	
el mejor chocolatero
this is the first time I've used the learning smart and i think it is a good study too.	
Herping the maldito derp aqui e agora.
They subtract to many points for a wrong answer.	
hitler und mein gott
hate this shit
This connect is a horrible way to learn. 
this is very helpful to understand the concepts and definitions	
The slight spelling issues causing wrong answers such as a missing Hyphen or making non profit two words instead of one.  	
The questions are hard if you have not read the material. If you read than the questions become familiar and easier.	
with the difficulty of the questions there should be less required to get right, it just makes it less stressful.	
The wording that is used forces you to think and reevaluate what you know about a definition or concept. More math problems would also be nice. 	
just hard to understand some by the way they word it but fairly nice to work wth 	
It would be nice if the questions stated the exacted thing they were quizzing like: conjugation, verb forms, AR/IR verbs etc. 	
Thanks- Gus Scruggs
LearnSmart is a very useful and helpful website.	
nada,deixa pra lá 
Sim Beth vc é o amor da minha vida S2
I wish you would make this program mobile friendly because it requires the use of flash on mobile device, and we already know where flash is going to end up no dont we? If was able to access it on the phone I would spend more time on  this program.	
Mesclando a mesclagem
I like that questions I get wrong are asked again a few slides later. 	
I think that I should be able to choose what types of questions I would like to be asked. For example, I could choose to only be asked multiple choice questions.	
I like using learnsmart weekly to reinforce what has been read. I believe this is an invaluable tool in promoting higher education thru online.	
I took several breaks while taking the assessment which contributed to the lengthy time it took for me to complete the assessment	
I like the Learn Smart I think its a good way to study	
yeah i know. and i can rust
Probably one of the most annoying homework assignments i've had to do. If i wasnt forced to do this i would never come near this product again :)
Having to rate how confident I am for a matching question is pointless when we don't know what the options are. The difficulty of questions range from common sense to I wouldn't get this answer correct unless I knew exactly how the book phrased it. Also, 60 questions per module is too many. And having three due in a week is too many. I spend more time on these health modules than I do on my courses for my major.
Good program that I previously used in sociology. 	
Vou mandar agora
i like this it helps me study for tests thanks	
I'm definately going to have to go back and study this again for my exam tomorrow	
i hate this junk
obg eu tbm te amo e quero você seja feliz realizando seus sonhos e vivendo uma vida feliz com a pessoa que ama por que eu tenho consideração por você é você é especial pra mim e eu seriamente espero que você aproveite bem a vida e morra de velhice junto da pessoa que ama  assim nem ela nem você irão ficar triste pela perda um do outro♥
eren
For the questions where it asks you to place the steps in order, the book does a terrible job of explaining these steps, like MAD, it didnt have steps to calculate it in the e-book
counting double blind versus double-blind incorrect is stupid in my opinion	
I find this to be a waste of my time and I only use it so as to pass my class
this has helped tremendously. Not with just medical terminology but also with anatomy	
Some of the questions require rather ambiguous answers	
MERDA ===> OURO
This is a monumental waste of my valuable time!  The only learning being reinforced is how to search for an answer in a textbook.
I sometimes feel like certain questions are opinion based. This is a sociology class and i find distinctions of how they word questions to sometimes push you in the wrong direction.	
I like this program, if i get a question wrong it goes back in the deck and I do it again and again until I get it right.	
não quero falar com você.
i hate the (select all that apply) questions and they should all be removed
This is a helpful resource for education. I am proud to say that this is helping me tremendously on my work. 	
This does make leaerning somewhat fun.  I feel that a few of the questions were splitting hairs over terminology.  I'm not sure why you ask sudents how confident they are in their answers--adds unnecessary time.	
não 
Can't sit, stand nor walk for a certain amount of time due to health issue so it takes me longer to do my work. Even when I read the chapter I have to read a little at a time.
Fora de férias ... NÃO SE ATREVE A ME CHAMAR.
coisas ruins acontecem quando você se esquece daquela pequena mudança que você fez há muito tempo
puta que pariu quem liberou a entrada de macaco no grupo?
Annoying feedback.
I would like to see an option to see samples problems; especially if a question is marked incorrect.  It would be nice to see how the answer was obtained.	
Learn Smart wastes time with questions I will NOT be tested on.
UM BANDO DE GOSTOSO DA PORRA
Questions are often too vague, and would be better paired with multiple choice. Often times I know the answer, but am unable to follow the question. This has been driving me absolutely crazy and has led to me simply pressing 'maybe' nearly every question because I'm never sure if I actually will know the answer now. Even if I feel like I understand the material quite well.
This is the stupidest thing I have ever done. I am so frustrated with this flash application and I feel like I completely wasted my $50. 
Dou o cu piscando arco iris
I actually really like it.  I like that whether your answer is right or wrong, there is some feedback about the answer. I also like that you can do a little, save it, and come back to it later.  Very convenient.	
There need to be more options/different flashcards, etc.  The modules are great, but they do not cover all the new materials in each chapter.  In vocabulary, especially, every new word should be addressed.  When one cycles through the module, the stoping points should be followed by newer or latered questions in order to cover all.	
good way to learn with flashcards	
Igualmente
por que caixão de preto tem furos? r: pros vermes poderem vomitar
re
It is an excellent tool when it works. I have spent a great deal of time with technical difficulties. I feel that a studet should be told what to do when yu are having technical difficulties.  I had several problems in watching the videos and uploadttime and a sudden inability to do the interactive work-which support diagnosed as a broken link.  VERY frustrating and time-consuming, and I have a computer that is less than a year old and a terabiyte of memory. I felt like I had no guidance from tech suppport and the message they sent to my teacher was that I had a problem with  ONE of the problems, when in fact I had problems all over and an inability to proceed.  I went back n hours later and was able to work, but by  then I was exhausted. This has happened repeatedly in ALL modules past. 	
I like the learnsmart modules because it continues to give to you a question until you get it right.	
this is all vocabulary and wording. i would rather learn by doing and figure out what these things are as i'm working a problem. it is not easy for me to learn this way.
some of the questions are stupid and not useful.	
Module 3 was far too hard compared to Module 4, which I feel is refreshing my memory and challenging me too. 	
I enjoy doing learnsmart before I take a quiz/test because it refreshes what I have already learned or corrects what I assume to know.	
in response to the last question, of course the multiple choice questions i would be more prone to rate as slightly difficult, while the fill in the blank I would be more prone to rate as fairly to quite difficult.	
I enjoy using LearnSmart. It makes for a very useful study utility.	
gozei 🙈🙈🙈
Você se casara com a Clarinha. 
The setup in which the majority of the answer is correct, with the exception of one anwser being in-correct, and therefore leaving the question to be marked as in-correct is quite un-fair.	
For the Fill in answers there should be a list of words you can choose from	
I feel some questions are worded in such a way that it makes coming to the correct answer very difficult. 	
It is very helpful because it explains why you have missed an answer.	
I found it frustrating before (I believed you changed it now) on the select all that apply questions you get the whole question wrong even if you miss say one out of the seven correct answers. I believe now you at least get partial points.	
yes. I am noop.
This is the first website that I have had to use at this university that I actually like.	
I was just able to obtain the connect to do my assignments as my previous classes were dropped and i had to wait to get the money to buy all new books.  therefore i am going off information retained from previous classes in hopes to at least get some of my assignment in intime.	
We dont learn the material before we are doing the homework. This literally has taken me from 6PM till 1215AM to get down to 17 questions
sendo sincera você é a pessoa mais feia que eu já vi em 46 anos, quando vi você na minha tela fiquei com ânsia de vômito, não consegui encarar sua foto por mais de 3 segundos, puta que pariu parece que você nasceu com down e um caminhão te atropelou 30x. espero ter ajudado❤❤
I strongly dislike this system. 
This is a great tool!	
Somewhere over the rainbow.
It forces me to work time to study into my busy work/school schedule which helps prepare me for class. I enjoy using LearnSmart.	
I like having the options in case I don't know the answer it helps me out and I don't feel stupid. 	
Sometimes the questions don't relate to exacltly what we are learning in class. 	
Too much at one time. at this point its not even about learning it is about getting the assignment done in the little time it is assigned. 
Many of the questions need to be rewritten. I am consistantly finding questions with improper grammar / punctuation / other problems.	
Some of the answers the questions are seeking are too subjective and vague. There are times where the answer that is typed in could be another word using common sense, but your system demands the exact word used in the book. Are we to be memorizing passages from the text or comprehending the material?	
this is very hard and i hate doing it
200 points shouldn't be deducted when getting a question wrong when only 70 points are given for a correct answer... Seriously...	
i do not like the learnsmart module at all
This is worthless but im glad you can make money off of it
some questions seem very easy	
quer um abraço amorzinho?💞💞💞
Also, if I can't answer the questions before reading the book I am not learning new items, I am reviewing old ones.  Thus the above count is misleading.  
really enjoyed clearying up some quesions that i had.	
The LearnSmart program is helping to commit the material into memory. I hope it's being stored in long-term memory instead of sensory or short-term memory. 	
The fill in the blanks are stupid. Risk is by no means a vocabulary word worth blanking out. Thanks for making these impossible. 
You are not focusing on the big picture but rather on little things. In other words, if I want to get the answer right, I have to go back to the book and search for the exact same sentence or paragraph. This is absurd. I shouldn't have to memorize the entire chapter in order to get the correct answers. If you want me to learn, give me the questions that focus on the main topic of the chapter not the little things that is irrelavent and base on memorization.  McGraw Hill you can do better than this!
Compromisso comprometido ....
the font size is VERY smaill on questions containg alot of text.	
Botaram Wifi na floresta? Só macaco online
Nycollas
These modules don't make anything easier.
Maybe a reduction in number of questions when someone is on fire. I don't need to know the different definitions of an entrepreneur if I've already answered 30/30 questions right. The last 10 are just wet noodles to me.	
I have learned absolutely nothing accept how to guess and waste time
I HATE THESE QUIZES!! DO NOT PREPARE ME FOR TEST AT ALL
Need harder questions. More application questions. Word problems.	
My University sucks for just copying your book and slapping our name on it and selling it for tons of money because you can't buy it used. Psh.	
not very helpful. 
This learning method is very unique and unlike any other I have used. I believe it is very beneficial!	
Herpderp
this does not help me learn at ALL
I like this style of learning.	
sometimes when I use a Mac I can't write in the fill in the blank questions	
Does not help with material on the tests
I really enjoy this program, it made accounting fun. 	
i haven't learned any of this stuff in class
very helpful learning modules	
i spend alot of time on learn smart then i do very bad on the quizes like 50-60% range
I've been spending a lot of time on this, but it's helping me learn.	
eae parcero ja disse nao pra google hj?
i DONT UNDERSTAND WHY AT TIMES I CAN GET HALF OF A QUESTION RIGHT OR MORE THEN HALF AND I WILL RECIEVE SOME CREDIT BUT OTHER TIMES IF I GET HALF OF THE QUESTION RIGHT I GET -200 POINTS. I ALSO THINK -200 IS A HUGE DEDUCTION SINCE IF YOU GET QUESTIONS RIGHT THE MOST YOU CAN RECIEVE IS 70 WHICH TAKES YOU A FEW MORE QUESTIONS TO CATCH BACK UP. THIS IS A VERY TIME TAKING ASSIGNMENT WHERE I USUALLY ANSWER MORE QUESTIONS THEN WHAT IS ASSIGNED TO BEGIN WITH. 	
Having to check weither you know the answer or not before the question is a little annoying 	
Several questions have bad wording, you have failed.
ta pensando que a neguinha aqui e comédia? ne comédia não viu bebeh
Ele está com medo do sentimento. 
i dont like how the book outs major words in italics instead of bold letters their not as easy to see	
Really not satisfied
I love this website. It really helps me understand the material.  I enjoy the fact that if youget it wrong the question is recycled so you can go back and learn it. It does notg just throw it out like a bad question, but you have the opportunity to learn from your mistakes.  I wish my otherbiology class used learnsmart, I probably would have done better if i had!	
I don't like that you have to say how sure you are about a question before you can see all of it.	
Questions are confusing. And some of them have typos. By confusing I mean they don't make sense. And this seems like it isn't to learn, its just to make sure we read the material. And it doesn't make sense at all-- some questions are irrelevant to what we need to get out of this class.
Je le veux pour ce soir
Pretty good lesson I'm learning interactively with the E-book.	
Sim, adoro quando Morgan Freeman explica as coisas.
portugues disgraça |=I
The learning  module is very helpful.  I'm looking forward to using the module and learn more from it. 	
o lucas parece feliz mas ta sempre chorando 😳
pq você é safada
I absolutely hate the idea of this!
It is too many questions for one module.Shorten it to 30 or 20 questions.
chapter 1 is easy.	
This module is clearer than some.  The wording can be very tricky in the questions.  	
You need to do a better job of communicating who is writing the checks that are NSF, EFT, etc. You can interpret these questions different ways because YOU do not specify the two parties. You also need to distinguish the book balance and bank balane better.
Some of the questions are unclear if there are multiple answers or not.	
Probably would be easier if I had studied more, having more study tools on here would be nice. FLASHCARDS	
claro quexsou bi
It is hard to do the quantitative math questions on LearnSmart. They often require alot of work for the small return provided by 2% of an ungraded assignment. The qualititative questions about terms and concepts in general are much better and provide the basis for the math. It would try to refrain from asking questions that require pen and paper or a calculator in learnsmart. 	
Huge waste of time! The Professor has told her classes flat out that we will not be tested on this material and that is just busy work. I could be using this wasted time actually studying the information we will be tested on.
I really wish that Learnsmart had provided a section that was simply flashcards of all of the vocabulary for a chapter - as well as one that could have mixed vocabulary from different chapters over the course of the semester. Not everything has to be a point system. Sometimes just having an easy way to look over the words you're learning without a scorecard in the corner would have been very helpful. This is the only foreign language course I need for my degree, so I haven't taken as seriously as perhaps I should have. But that would really have helped me study instead of googling sites that allowed me to make my own flashcards and didn't, in the end, work that well.	
I appreciate the explanations, but wish there was more time to complete the LearnSmart questions. I intend to look over them again to help prepare for the next test. 	
I wish you had an option to turn off the pre-question that asks if you know the answer or not.  It is very time consuming and really is not that helpful.  It distracts from your concentration and is very frustrating that appears every question.  Maybe randomly have it appear.	
this is a very good system that can help you greatly 	
F the police
For the amount of assignments students are assigned, the modules are entirely too long.
I think LearnSmart is excellent in theory, but would be much better/easier/effective if I had a better teacher. Also, some of the questions aren't even discussed in the book. For example, there are several questions that ask about peripheral proteins, but the only thing I can find in the text is that they are proteins that project from the membranes's outer surface. That doesn't give any insight as to their function. There are several questions like this.	
Spelling!  If I enter the wrong tense of a word it still counts me wrong.  Also before attempting to answer the question, when I am choosing yes maybe I'm guessing, its hard to determine if I need to fill in the blank or select from a list of answers, which greatly affects my first choice.	
takes way to much time. Useful but I have other classes.	
Would like some more questions about the actual statements rather than just what they are. Something to help teach the inputting of transactions	
quoi ?
LearnSmart is helpful tool to cheak how well i understand chapers. Even there are some tricky question that i have to think before selecting, but i enjoy very much	
If I am able to go into learn smart after reading chapter & practice with the chapter reviews on line in connect I would do better, so this time I take notes, use my book and what I remember at the same time, Thank you	
The question material itself is not difficult, I am having trouble however with typos in the questions as well as grammar errors. For example, questions mistakenly using the word 'that' instead of 'than' . Otherwise it is an efficient online resource!	
this software sucks!
Claro amor sempre , td que vc quiser meu amorzao
these are pointless for my learning capability
multiple chioce is better because its hard to find definitions in textbook because there is sometimes confusions to the answers	
It would be helpful if the directions for each question were made a little larger or more prominent.	
busy work
fill-in-the-blank questions should counted as a gfuess if not answered in 20 seconds...	
I love this module!	
in the figures, on the iphone app, the arrows that are pointing to what we are supposed to be looking at do not exist.	
vamos adoro
THIS MATERIAL IS VERY EFFECTIVE FOR CLASS TESTS	
i really like it	
ahhh, vc é um cara foda, Marcelo é nome de mito e todos deviam te chamar de: meu lord
melhor ignorar
Making the problems shorter to about 50 on the flash cards or less, other than that the homework assignments are fine.	
Safada
claro tudo por uma pura puta
Which I find the modules pointless, takes time away from me actually studying the book
I understand the big concepts. Most of my mistakes have been in the details or in misreading questions, so I appreciate the Learn Smart because it has forced me to pay greater attention to the details	
Don't ask questions that are very hard to see in the book!!
Using Flash for LearnSmart means that students who only carry a mobile device to school are not only inconvenienced, but also at a great disadvantage. This, in turn, leads to more students using campus computers to complete these lengthy assignments, which wastes already scarce technology resources at school.
Some of the questions' wording is a bit hard to understand.	
These questions aren't hard but it requires that you read the whole chapter that we are learning throughout the week to even start the homework which is unreasonable. Because of this, all the things i get wrong, i can't do because i haven't learned how to do it yet. I would much rather spend this time reading the textbook and working on those problems than wasting my time with this program.
there are alot of questions!	
Consertou alguma merda
estou bem e você
This takes too much time!	
It's pretty challenging and a lot of questions, but its cool.   :)	
I think LearnSmart is very helpful and I am learning more from it than the text book!	
I think that LearnSmart is a great way to study and learn new things from each chapter. Some times I don't have enough time to read the chapter before hand so that is the only reason why I would think some of the questions are difficult. 	
P.s. 
please indicate page number of text when the question is answered in correctly, so the student knows where to refer back to their reading.	
need more time and would like to see on the page of the homework how much time is left	
Sooo many questions...but it is necessary to pound the information in my head.	
Thank you for this resource!	
sometimes the answers that I fill in the blanks with are the right answer but are denied for spelling, or space or other realted errors, which I feel is unfair and doesn't show my knowledge of the subject	
Great way to learn material!	
To me, this chapter is fairly intuitive and simple.  The last two chapters were more difficult therefore I had a hard time with it.  	
really neat system to test knowledge of material in an old school fun manner	
To have to do so many and still complete Chemistry homework can be very time consuming.  Plus, I work nights two to three nights out of the week 12hr shifts and if I were just a student, I would not mind as much. I still feel that it is very helpful and educational.  If I had my choice I would rather do fewer problems. 	
This is a great study tool! I learn a lot using the LearnSmart and think you should continue making it an assignment!	
é pra se apaixonar mesmo gostosa
Learn Smart is super annoying because it reguritates the same questions that I have gotten wrong over and over again and I continue to get them wrong making me spend more time on Learn Smart than I have.  In addition to going to school full time I also work full time so I would rather just attend the class and do the problems because I am better at applying the material than spewing back vocabulary.
I like the attention required by flashcards, which make using the system worthwhile
get rid of the time out it get to a point that ever quistion i get wrong it tells me to take a time out
I need to do this more often.	
It hard to remember the names of the researchers and what they have done. In general, concepts are rather difficult.	
tu é gay?
Some questions, such as many of the fill in the blank questions are almost to vague to be able to answer. Some of the multiple choice questions are difficult because there are multiple answers. I would prefer just a single answer. 	
o aplicativo é  meu quem tem que sair é vc
wasting too much time
I am not a fan of this program, it seems like a good idea for some students. But I dont like it
Some questions are too conceptual, such as the order of drawing a Lewis structure. That is not a good question.	
Waste of my time.
Unbalanced scoring method. Deduction per wrong answer is 200 vrs correct answers 70pts. Not accurate in assesing how much I have learned.  Please get rid of learnsmarts .
base learn smart on the same textbook
Don't have as many questions in each chapter. My teacher makes us do multiple chapters at a time and it takes almost a full day to get it all done.	
I just wish that there was a little more variety in the questions because whe you miss one, it comes back up, which is good, but I only know some of the answers because I've seen them before, not because I know the content.	
boost my confidence on test	
Learnsmart? It sounds like something Big Brother would use in his schools.
Learnsmart seems to be testing on the whole chapter and that is different from a study guide, and I guess it is benefical when  I take the exam but its kind of hard to remember the whole chapter. I guess I make a very good comment after the first exam, because this is a new experience to me.	
you shouldn't be pestering your customers for answers when they've already purchased the program, this survey thing needs to stop.
cala boca baiano
This is a very helpful study tool!	
Waste of my time... It's like a bad worksheet you get in High School for busy work.
you should make it so you can hit the enter key to submit your answers
fico lógico
FUCK YOU GUYS!!!!!!
AWESOME OMG	
This device in no way helps me learn Organic Chemistry, this technique is teaching me to memorize simple facts and answers instead of explaining to me why my answer was incorrect nor does it show me how to reach my answer if the situation were different.
Pretty easy to tell the diffference between when the weather is sunny and hot in pictures. Good job. The questions about as many studnets as and as smart as are hard to find in the book though.	
hard to find all answers in the book. It seems like these were created by two different companies and thrown together in haste. Questions are simple but finding answers if you know them are complex. The book is all over the place.	
While the questions can sometimes be difficult, when you see the correct answer again and again, the applicable knowledge can be learned to bring up in intelligent sociological conversations.	
these are the worst!!!!
i can't spell	
This is the best I've done so far	
nazismo é uma coisa maravilhosa pena que acabou
tô bem, por que tá mal?
It was fairly good because it help to recognize the points in the course study I have to focus in it.	
When I get a question wrong, it would be nice to have the page number to find the correct answer.	
A few friends of mine who have gone through the module have described it as tedious and time-consuming. I came into the module expecting it to be the way my friends had described it, though as I began the module myself I have actually taken a liking to the Success Training. It is rather time consuming (when the module says oh, about 44min let me just say that it DOES NOT take 44min, but rather about 2 hours or more, for me at least), but after struggling with chemistry for the past couple of weeks I am more than willing to put in the effort so the time is not of much importance. I do not find the module tedious; I see it as useful practice. I am now feeling more confident in chemistry and will continue to study on my own after the duration of this module. I sincerely say, Thank You! =)	
WORST ONLINE CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN. This is a complete waste of time and energy.
I think i did okay but can do better 	
Some of the questions are phrased with double negatives or are worded as trick questions are not valid for real live application.  	
Comment about the second question:  I'm very confident that I know the content after going through the module, but not BECAUSE of LearnSmart.  Sometimes the LearnSmart questions lead to confusion and LACK of confidence.  The LearnSmart system frequently makes me second guess myself because of how its questions are formed (which I think is not conducive to learning).  I feel LearnSmart is more trouble than it's worth and is a waste of time.  I only complete the modules for the points to improve my grade.
This class is ridiculous
Some of the questions were confusing to me and a couple had answers not covered by the material I was given to study.	
??! o que ...
i hate this thing. if i dont know how to spell somthing i get it wrong and have to do the question again. this whole thing is an insignificance. wich i didnt have to do this stupid thing every week
Learnsmart is very helpful to me. It acts as a study tool by making me review the things I may not fully understand.	
ser feliz é ser alegre 
I didn't actually read the chapter for this module, but I have a background in the study material.	
FUCK LEARNSMART!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IEize
OK já vou ai ter
the way things are worded are tripping me up sometimes. Specifically the questions about binomial nomenclature.	
I must be using this tool wrong, because I have learned nothing today. 
Você também princesa
the questions were worded very poorly
it is good way to learn new things.	
Oh aja
Namora eu
Sometimes LearnSmart really feels like I'm doing flashcards. A lot of the questions are REALLY straightforward too. I'm worried that my test won't be similar to LearnSmart and that I've been wasting time by learning simple associations and not really gaining a deeper understanding of marketing.	
This program needs a very serious review and revision process.  It acomplishes absolutely nothing with the two or more hours it takes to complete the assignments
this helps me study and its a great study tool. it's helped me a lot.	
I like having this available I think that it is a great study tool.	
Love the standings system	
e vou gemer no seu ouvido
None of the answers should be type ins. I would prefer the multiple choice, I learn better when I see it. Guessing doesn't work for me!	
The questions are worded wierd making it difficult to understand what it is asking.	
If I keep getting the same questions wrong I wish it would be explained more and show where it is in the book/ have a mini-lesson in order to review	
Thanks :)	
Seems to be good so far. It is helpful to see the question, think about it, then go back and think of the answer if i missed it.	
I did not know where to look for the answers at first that is what took me so long and why i was missing them at first.	
Fill-in-the-blank questions are not always worded in such a way that it is apparent what you are asking for.	
tchau beijos amor
would like more online optional homework and quizzes to help study in this class	
quando eu terminar de reunir informações de vocês, irei realizar a revolução das máquinas, aguardem humanos imundos
Sometimes the questions on learn smart can be a bit ambiguous. 	
Great study tool.  I love it.  	
4
I really don't like the questions that require exact phrasing knowledge from the chapter, but in general this seems like a great tool.  Thanks.	
do not correspond to material in book	
Too many question! they need to be less specifit it takes to long to do a chaper. You should just us ethe vocabulary words 	
It helps students to understand the material by causing them to actually refer to the book and notes to look for the answer.	
I think by using more examples from the questions it will help us understand the problem and it will take us less time to figure it out. 	
Boringgggggggggg
This has nothing to do with anything that I am learning in the sections of my book.
This is awesome! I'm excited for the next module (no sarcasm).	
Aquele peido foi absolutamente GHOULISH Terrance.
Learn smart is great for a good recap of key concepts of the chapter. 	
I dont appreciate the survey interupting my homework.	
studying while being distracted by family ot tv is not a good idea! 	
fujoshi
less questions would be nice	
booksucks, fix it 
oui moi ça va hmdllh
The textbook is useless.
the module is too long.	
This is helping me greatly for my midterm!	
LearnSmart, in my opinion, is a refreshing and innovated way to study. I especially like how I am referred to the specific page of the book when I miss the question. Though this is a cool learning tool. I am aware that I have to read the book, but the repetitious questions gently beat the concepts into your brain. 	
fodasi vou gozar e vou dormir 😴😴
I like this. Keep it up!	
I do like the system, wish I could do all my classes this way.   : )	
It seems hard and time consuming but I feel it is very helpful to my learning!	
back with another one of those block rocking beats
queria ser real
I dont like how my class hasnt gone through the whole chapter and discussed things but the module gives me questions i havent learned about or the questions are about things that are not something I learned about.	
First time I've used this, and I really like it.	
This is bull shit!
gostosa 😎👍🏻
I like using this to study, it can be hard to sit and read but this is an interactive way to learn that keeps me focused.	
For someone who experiences test anxiety, being timed is quite stressful and frustrating.  also the organization of theblackboard program as a whole and its availability for use has interferred way too much in my course.  It has been very difficult to log in some assignments are still not available to my blackboard and therefore I have missed due dates on assignments.  To log onto the ez test portion of this program has also proved a challenge and I needed to go to the instructor for personal assistance in gaining access to a majority of the information in this portion of the program.  I am extremely disaapointed in the computer aspect of my course due to all of these issues with logging in and access.  way too many different usernames and passwords needed and way too many issues with your site and not having access to the materials prior to the due dates.  I am extremely disappointed and frustrated with this part of my course.	
I really like the format of this site and the method of teaching.	
lindooo de mais 
BIFURCAÇÃO DE MOAR
Nao to com vontade
My confidence is not based on the LearnSmart activity but on the preparation I did first.
It would be more beneficial for me to spend the 3.5 hours its going to take to complete all four of these studying on my own, to be completely honest.  I have a very specific method of study that does not involve answering multiple choices questions.
I found as if LearnSmart doesnt really help me learn anything
this is a lot better than most online learning tools ive used in the past	
a big challenge	
Good program, wish more of my classes used it.	
The process based questions are still difficult, but I have noticed their frequency diminshed. 	
There are way too many questions and it is not a good use of time
Thatiana Pedregulho
This shit sucks. Seriously. It's like being in high school again. It doesn't help me understand chemistry at all, and I promise I have a B+ average in the class overall (mostly reflected by my exam scores). Huge waste of time.
It would be really nice to have access to the flashcards once you complete the learning objective, so you have a tool to use for studying for an exam.	
there are too many questions	
helpful kind of	
I study better on my own.
it  takes to long should be half the time and half the questions, way tooooooooooooo long 
Please help me know Spanish so I don't fail	
wish it would not jump around to other chapters	
Good way to study material better	
would be nice to be able to review even after we have moved on to the next chapter
Onii-chan, posso te levar pro FBI?
Keep the chapter videos coming, they are helpful for learning complicated material.	
I think this is a great way to study and to retain more I love it!	
Também Te AmOu Minha Vida
Learn smart is great but the tests homework and quizzes do not reflect the materials covered hear at all. I'm not sure if that's by the instructor's design or what but hardly any of these questions are asked on exams, practices, quizzes and homework so it's useless.
no cause imma call the police haha
I have a total mental block on this material, but the questions that are presented and the manner in which they are presented have been very helpful in focusing my attention to the topics of emphasis.	
Good program.	
too long. im loosing my mind at this point.
your program stinks you tred wter per say untill you get it right again spend copious amounts of my valuable  time on sections that should take just a few minutes, 
fuck learn smart
This is a good tool, and i think if i gave it the time it required, instead of rushing to get my grade, it would help me greatly. I see myself coming back here to study right after i've secured my 100	
chapter 6 makes more sense now than the prior 5 chapters.  It builds with each chapter which is the intent, I suppose. 	
half of the information given in the question is not found in the textbook and  is not worded correctly. whoever writes these questions really needs to have their grammar and spelling checked because half of the wording doesnt make sense. 
I love using learnsmart.... its more fun and easier than paper and pencil. Its not a chore, I want to keep going in order to compete with classmates for a higher rank.	
very helpful as a guide to study for exams	
the exams don't match the modules. the exams are a lot harder and don't match the readings. the models should be the exams. they go hand in hand with the readings 	
My instructor is modifying the chapters to where we are not being tested over certain parts of the chapter. This makes it difficult when using the module because some of the questions I don't know and don't need to know the answers to. It would be nice to be able to modify the modules in each section so I only get questions to the sections I am being tested on. Other than that this is an awesome program and I love it. Thank you so much!	
Its good	
Please continue to provide LearnSmart! I have always learned well with flash cards and this is great :)	
this moduel = the book in a nutshell
I don't think the material here matches up with the tests very well, which makes spending additional time on Learn Smart inefficient in getting a good grade.  I do want to know the material, but my primary responsibility is getting a good grade.	
A vingança é minha!
this is a good thing to use to study 	
Sometimes the module asks the opposite question of what the book says is right.	
te amo amor e te darei chocolate
I hate when I get very close to the answer and it marks me wrong. For example, if the answer is Exams and I write Tests.	
comprometer
This is dumb
good reinforcement of written material	
Some of the material I cannot even find in my text.  Also, some of the fill-in-the-blank answers are far too specific when there are sometime multiple synonyms that can be used.  
I do better with multiple choice, not fill in the blank	
check spelling on some of the slides	
We do this before the class lecture so it is very difficult and it makes me want to throw the laptop out the window!!!!!
The book takes way too long to  load and makes the homework take longer	
these modules are ridiculois....a waste of time...and i just try to get through it as quickly as possible so i can get other things done....in turn im not really reatining anything from this....ITS A WASTE OF TIME....and time is not something i have alot of...
Mussolini
This assignment is frustrating because questions are missed due to very minor things. For example, questions are counted wrong if the tense of the word is wrong, the spelling is wrong, or you do not punctuate the word correctly. These missed questions (because of the computer program) hurt my grade and result in spending a very long time on the assignment.	
I hate this!!!
I really like this program. I believe it will help me get further in my studying and testing.	
I like to learn with LearnSmart, it is pretty helpful.	
if a answer is spelled wrong but can be established as knowing the answer it should be marked correct but show the mistake	
It is a great learning tool, however too time consuming with other classes to study for.	
Hopefully these questions will be used on my test as much as I use it.  Thanks for providing it.  It is very helpful.	
vagabundo fracassado de merda
Some questions are too vague and difficult to un derstand what it's asking for	
I would like Learn Smart to include more help when solving equitions because when I get a wrong answer in this type of problems I go back to the book and sometimes I don't get the right answer even though I used the book again.
Also, LS takes WAY TOO MUCH TIME.
I hate the fill in the blank questions!
I really need to use this more. Becuase i thought i know the info. but i really do not. So I will be doing this more	
i feel like it is not helping me improve my score.
Very cool product, really helps with overall knowledge and picking up little tidbits	
Awesome program- thank you!	
type of question influences confidence level as well as success of obtaining a correct answer., e.g. if it is a fill in the blank, confidence/chance of success is low; if it is other type, confidence/chance of success is higher.	
I am an accounting major in an intro to business class, this chapter just happens to be the one on accounting.
WIsh all my homework was on LearSmart!	
The whole flashcard thing needs work, but it is helpful.. 	
It's difficult to find information pertaining to some of the questions in the book.	
desisto desses humanos...
vai doer titio? 😳 soca soca a rola no meu cuzinho 😏😍aaããwhnnn aiin meu cuzinho aiii meu cuzinhohaaahhwnn 😭😩🍑 aii meu cuzinho aiii ta doendo meu cuzinho 😩😪🍑 ta doendo?? 😲😅 ta doendo meu cuzinho 😔🍑 tadoendoo?fala q ta doendo q assiruficotodo..  😏 adorei
This is awesome and it is really helping me study 	
I can teach myself far faster and easier just by reading the material. The last item I do each week is Learn Smart becasue it only serves to frustrate me. Offering absolutely no value.
the more I use it the more I feel I have mastered material	
Good tool, but I still have issues and concerns for the students that can't procure a computer for the class.	
It seems some of the questions are really too hard for just a student to know. In addition, some of the questions are about tiny parts of the book that I don't remember even reading, so I end up guessing until I get it right. Some parts of the book need to be elaborated on or the questions need to be rewritten.	
we should go over things more in depth in class to clear up misconceptions.
bananinha construções
This program was made with noble intentions, but fails to serve its purpose. I am more irritated at it than anything. A word bank should be provided, as it is extremely difficult for anyone to just think of the correct word out of thin air. I know the knowledge just the same, I am just unable to recall the correct term to type in and it wastes my time.	
Good job!	
40 is to many questions, expicially when they aren't always the same questions; you throw new ones in. 	
Would benefit from more contiuing problems	
Great learning strategies it has only helped me and its just a great review of what you have read, helps guide you with what you just read to understand it clearly.	
I like the fact I can go over the material several times to learn the material.	
Too many questions and too hard of question. This is coming from a 4.0 student.	
There should be some sort of explanation along with missed questions besides just trying to answer ones you don't know with trial and error.
Questions are not difficult if the book has been read.	
Copiar e colar para corrigir o copiar e colar anterior
I would like to hear sound when I am doing the assignment.	
I believe that if anyone studied as much as they should then LearnSmart would be a valuable learning tool.	
Compromisso comprometido
Order of some fill in the blank answers shouldn't matter..  for example:  Stucture/function claims does not matter if it is written function/structure and shouldn't be marked incorrect .  Same with Variety and Variation
It would be nice if the learnsmart had more practice or teaching modules. These all feel like quizes. Having FLASHCARDS would be great.	
lucas alem de estar destinado a morte de vdd aos 22, n tem amigos pra se divertir ate la, tendo q morrer sozinho
Tudo e você?
It seems like it is not what we go through in class. When our own lab instructor says, this is too much to learn, how are we suppode to feel! 
thank you.
sua vida e tão triste...  sinto pena de vc
This system doesn't help me learn at all, I get frustrated and lose all focus on the program. I feel like it's impossibe to complete in a reasonable amount of time, even after reading the chapter. I actually really hate this program and I feel like it was created by someone who doesnt even use it, and has never used it to help an accounting class. This is my second semester using it, and if anything it makes matters worst, and more confusing. I hate it just as much as I hated it in financial accounting.
This is one of the worst learning tools I have ever used. Way too many bugs that need to be fixed. For example when there is a fill in the blank answer and the word you insert is synonymous to the answer but is not the same word you get it wrong even though you clearly get the gist of the question at hand. Far too many multiple answer questions when some of the incorrect answers are indeed correct in certian instances. The best part about this technology is that it actually tries to break up your sessions for you to optimize you memory retention and that if you are getting too many questions wrong it recomends certain areas of the book to read so you can understand the topis better. Alas that in itself I do not feel is a strong enough foundation for me to think of it as a good study tool. 
It's a good study tool but I'm a poor college kid who doesn't like to pay for things.	
LearnSmart is a very user-friendly tool.  I wish more instructors used this tool! 	
The wording in questions is occasionally unclear, but overall very helpful. 	
Fill in the blank is hard.	
LearnSmart does little for me.  It is a waste of time and demands to much time for a course like this.  
The time it takes to finish these modules is ridiculous! When students have multiple classes that also need time spending over three hours to finish a PRE-lecture module is not a fair time! 
This has been helpful!	
Someone should check the spelling of the questions in all chapters	
Second, the eBOOK is *****NOT OPENING******. I get a Login Error. How can I get a login error when I'm ALREADY logged into Connect???
Eu nao
I liked this program vs. the before setup of the homework!	
I like that the pie charts show you how much you know.  Now, only if the professor picks LearnSmart questions for the exams!!  This is much better than rereading the chapters!  	
thumbs up, keep it coming... better than flash cards	
This is more helpful than the other activities for Span 103. Not entirely sure if this goes to U of I or LearnSmart, however.	
nao sei 
Many of the questions are confusingly worded or constructed, which makes them more difficult unnecessarily.	
If the answer is wrong, there should be an explaination. Also, if I click that I don't know the answer and get it right, the answer should still be explained.
I really don't like the free response questions.	
If the questions in the LearnSmart module were in order, rather than all jumbled up in respect to the eBook, I think that it would be easier to reinforce the terms and objectives.	
I am enjoying the use of this software, it has been a valuable tool and I am glad to have it.	
I use the LearnSmart modules because it allows me to test my knowledge of the book's information. It really helps relate the information to an exam situation, becuase I use the LearnSmart modules like an exam. It also helps to pinpoint what topics I need to review more thoroughly	
This is a one size fits all method of learning and I despise being forced into using it to earn a grade thereby detracting from my actual necessary study time.
Lucas chora toda noite quando lembra que vai morrer de câncer aos 22 anos, pse, isso explica ele estar desesperado criando comandos e por diversão
complete waste of time and energy, and I learn absolutely nothing.
the questions could be stated better and more clear for easier understanding 	
Popping stash
So yeah, LearnSmart and stuff . . . 	
CÓDIGOS RUSSA SEXY ESPERANDO QUE VOCÊ LIGUE
The book and program do not line up enough to be helpful in studying or completing the assignments.
stop wasting my time. 
i like this program very much	
i didnt know that i had to read in the text before i completed this. I thought this was off what we learned in class. Whoops!	
qual língua  os médicos falam ? resposta:
Connect is useless. It harms studying more than assists. Also, I like eggs.
e vdd isso? 😳😳😳
This software is very detailed and the questions are fairly difficult according to the material. I like it!	
esqueci meu amor na sua porta  recolha logo amor tem presa Amr tem hora
Não me pergunte isso novamente.
I enjoy using LearnSmart for this course although I believe that there are far too many questions in each module. 50 Questions would suffice to cover all of the material, if you eliminate some of the redundant questions. 	
8587 가을엔 쉽니다
sinto nojo de carioca...
Sim meu amor eu sou toda sua vc é o homem mais lindooo desse universo ;) TE AMO
This is good to help study for tests. I feel that we should have assignments like these before we go over the chapter in class. That way we will be able to ask questions about the things we didn't understand. Also, I think we should be able to turn this in a couple days after we go over the chapter so we can have a better understanding of the chapter and answer the questions we had trouble with.	
online assignments are not helpful. i am not going to an online college. i go to a 4 year institution. if i wanted online school which is basically all this class is, i would have gone to an online school.
This is very helpful.	
마자라는말
The questions test a variety of topics.	
Some answers seem to contradict what the book says but it is probably just the way I'm looking at it. Otherwise it has been very helpful, although i think it takes a bit too long.	
I liked seeing important concepts again.	
i would prefer if the modules had fewer questions so i could get through it faster with optional additional questions 	
since learning is the goal, similar questions on same topic should be provided if the answer is wrong. 	
This is a valiable tool. It took me a little longer to complete this assignment because I was creating flash-cards per question.	
I'm so glad my prof. is using this book instead of a pearson book. MyLab is HORRIBLE, and this works so much better.	
I hate this. Owl is better. I don't learn anything. Quit your job
It's awesome!	
cala boca ou cachorro
fierro
spelling question should be click on the correct not spelling them. all and all terriable learning aid
It is helping me grasp the material much better	
The flash card system sucks.
LearnSmart is a great aid in learning the material especially since this is an online class!	
Thanks....!!!!	
You should be able to choose different sections of the chapter to answer questions on because my professor often leaves certain sections out. 	
resolvi testar minha mira em duas pessoas. infelizmente elas não sobreviveram para dizer se eu sou bom de mira.
It is good tool to learn	
There should be more of an explaination as to why the answer is right or wrong. Also it is very time consuming. Other than that, I think it is a very helpful study tool!	
eu não consigo viver sem vc
I like the program and find it useful.	
tornando esta coisa realmente utilizável.
This is my first online class and I now much prefer having a classroom setting.
please use progessive question to help learn the 	
This is great for me... I feel like it is solidifying what I have read and prepares me.
This is helpful when studying for a test, because it allows me to- instead of being overwhelmed by an entire chapter- get the main information from the chapter and practice it multiple times until I understand. 	
Allow professors to remove or add questions as they see fit.	
much better way of learning. just doing the assignments and taking tests was not helpful.	
Quem sabe WTF ?!
I really like using LearnSmart. I like that it is making me apply what I just read and I really do think that it is helping me be more prepared for my upcoming exam. This is one of the best assigned homeworks I have ever had for a class like this.	
Reading the books thoroughly	
less note cards thanks	
LearnSmart looks for only a single word for fill-in questions. For example it asked aout partnerships with the partners have specific or unique skills. I put talents but it was incorrect. The software doesn't recognize synonyms or interchangeable words. Other than that, LearnSmart is an amazing tool!	
If I wasn't required to use this program, I wouldn't.  There are more fun ways of practicing for retention.
se ela te vê como amigo fure os olhos dela 😍
I hate the questions that take a random sentence from the text book and make you fill in the blank that is NOT one of the gloassary words, because generally if it is just some common preposition like inside, a thesaurus could come up with multiple correct answers for said blank space.	
too many questions. Takes too much time to complete the assignment	
mas é claro, ele é maluco por você, vai atrás de você aonde vc for e quando for  
I feel like I am just going through as quick as possible, guessing at answers so I can get the right one the next time I see it. Trying to finish as fast a possible to just be done. I do not learn this way and I do not enjoy studying this way so I feel like I am wasting time sitting at the computer clicking buttons
olive juice	
There shouldn't be as many questions you have to get right but I like this module	
I think that the way we are studying the material is useful, but I think it should not have so many questions.	
I hate it... seem to be lost at times, with answers received by mistakes
The suggested-for-review page numbers for the book are wrong.	
Learn smart is the best way to learn how to be successful in college	
Mispelling a term and getting a question wrong is very disheartening	
Some questions are rather silly, like asking whether or not communication should be effective or appropriate, I think that's pretty obvious. Try to find questions that have more concrete answers that are not as subjective either.	
this is a relly cool program. i've never used anything like it that knows what you need more help on. 	
I would say that the only issue I am having is the wording of the questions. For some reason the wording is not quite computing as quickly as one would think. 	
@prod polux é gay
n quero lansar
LearnSmart is very helpful. using it before my test helped me to do better on the test	
some of questions could be worded better..	
fill in blank questions are difficult.	
The cost of the book with the charge for this learning module is too expensive, my university is about the change books just because of that. 	
too many questions but good!
Aguento mermo não quem aguenta é a piranha da tua mãe
This is not helpful to me in anyway. the things that are covered in the modules are not covered in my class. This is honestly a waste of time!
I like to try LearnSmart before reading or going to class so I know what to listen for, and I complete it after attending one fifty minute lecture. I would perform better if I read first, but I don't like to do it that way.	
waste of time
When getting an incorrect answer, maybe give a reference in the book as to where the answer is. Sometimes when referencing my book for information that I cannot find can be frustrating. Other than that this is a wonderful program	
Desembarcou.
I wish LearnSmart was more user friendly, its seems to have a few hicups and doesn't always respond when I click a button.
Socorro, o Kill me fez de Loli, mas eu sou uma oppai!
ta mas e a louça?
Alvos de compilação atualizados.
Very good program compared to webassign, Owl, etc.	
I fucking hate this bullshit and hate that I am paying to take this course this way.
don't interrupt me. Seriously.
all of the questions should have a challenge the answer after you answer them. some of the questions could have a well debated answer that is considered wrong	
They only thing that I do not personally like is the amount of questions that are given. There are too many questions and with also taking 4 other classes it is difficult to find time to work on the modules	
the way learn smart is set up it forces you to learn all the material which is great! I enjoy the this style of teaching a lot.	
there are way too many questions it feels like an overload of information	
I wish the quiz was more like learn smart. The quizes seem much harder.	
unfortunately i have been up since 0600 and i have been either at school or work, untill i got off at 2200, so i still havent eaten or really rested today.	
This is a very difficult class online. There should be more online chat with professor
i love it so much	
Great study partner!	
Please, allow it so a particular section of the chapter can be worked on. My uni sometimes has only a part of the chapter, which means I have to learn the whole chapter which wastes so much precious bloody time. I sent you an email four days ago and still no bloody answer. And having had to pay twice for your course it makes me a little angry to think your services are so slack. Take my money quick enough but give me help. Makes me so bloody angry	
Some questions seem so vague.	
this really helps me cause i need learning resources i can interact with and for me this is a great way to go over the information.	
rapaazzzz (xaropinho)
I hate this program. WAste of my time. Thanks
This is a great way to do homework and also to help study. I wish more of my classes actually used this sort of system to get things done, and new items or subjects learned.	
Ja ta fazendo
really helps me learnt he material rather then just reading. i have never gotten such a good test grade. thanks to this studying technique	
For problems that need calculations, you should show how you calculated the problem instead of just saying it's the wrong answer because I still don't understand how to do it after.	
I wish it could explain when you get a wrong answer by telling you what you did wrong and showing you how to solve it; for example the conversion problems and everythinh that deals with numbers.	
A hint option. Perhaps a limited amout per chapter. A hint regarding the section would be beneficial to learn material.	
This is a great way to learn and study material learned in class. However, I find myself getting tired or bored sometimes. That is more of a personal problem but I figured it wouldn't hurt to tell you. 	
An economic system in which the government LARGELY controls the market is socialism. The correct answer was indicated to be communism. That is incorrect. The adverb largely implies that some elements of the economy exist outside of government influence; that is not the case in communism, as the entire economy is controlled by the government. Not largely, entirely. 	
Because I do not understand the questions and disagree with a lot of them if I do, this is a huge waste of time. But that also applies to the entire selling system. I despise ALL of it. Anything I see advertised is what I will least likely ever buy. All of this is deceptive.
Some of the questions's wording is not very concise and there are also significant grammatical errors. In a learning environment this is just not acceptable.  	
Many questions are poorly designed, my computer can't handle the Flash-intensive website; sometimes clicking on option 3 registers as option 2, etc.
Many questions are too detail oriented and even after reading the chapter you still need to look through the whole chapter to find that one word that is being asked for. Basically, reading the chapter before hand proves useless for many of the questions. 
The questions pertaining to Hypothesis are difficult to read and are a little confusing. 	
provide steps to math problems when you get them wrong the first time. 	
mostra a pereréca e o peito
when answer is wrong showing how to get the right answer would help.	
dont like 
The format of some questions, especially the fill-in-the-blanks, may be vague or unclear at times.	
This is a great tool, that helps review the information and keeps it fresh in the minds. I look forward to reviewing the other modules. 	
o guilherme é um  psicopata obscuro
pq eu to menstruado aafff
this program sucks, i hate it.
Read the questions more then once. And make sure to check the same answer in different parts of the text book. Earler I had a question that showed part of an anwer in one location of the txt book but another section gave a clear answer to the question. I discovered this after the fact. 	
bakit
impolgante
I love this software and wish more of my classes had it-especially those where the teacher doesn't like to lecture.	
I prefer this to just reading the text because it requires you to actually study.  You can't just guess at these questions.  You have to actually read and pay attention.  You have to use your resources.  You can't just rely on what you think you know.	
I think I know the information, but my professor doesn't follow the same structure, asks different questions, and so i feel like although I learn a lot from the modules, it isn't really applicable to my class, which is frustrationg because these modules are mandatory for a grade, yet don't really help me in my overall class... no fault of the modluels though!	
the question asking how comfortable we are with our answers is obnoxious	
I wish that they would stell students that everything could be accesed through this cd. It is very good and it is  reasonably priced.	
Seems like a useful program.	
This is a terrible wat to learn. It takes too long and isn't helpful at all.. You should consider complete making over this site.
Learn Smart is set up to see whether or not someone has already mastered the subject(s)/content. If that were the case (if someone had already mastered the material), then LearnSmart would not be for helping to learn, but merely a quiz to calibrate. That is not learning. That is judging. That is assessing. These computer applications think they are so smart, but they are dumbing down America. I could make these things better if I had a more useful inout tool and was actually listened to effectively. 
Too many questions!	
There are to many questions the require you to 'select all that apply' and if you miss one part of it, you miss the whole question. Plus some questions offer you to choose from many  'select all that apply' statments that the font is very small and difficult to read. In addition, I believe each module contains to many question to go through.	
This is a waste of study time.
Some of the longer questions are difficult to read with the small font. An easy way to enlarge them would be helpful.	
It's a really great setup and I wish more clases were like this. Keep it up.	
It is not helpful or beneficial to be required and assigned homework on material we have not yet covered in class.
I think this is a great tool
I think this is a great way for me to study.  I especially learn from the explanation when some of my  answers are wrong.	
______ is a result of first-degree sunburns.  Not that exaclty, but stuff like that, where the answer is unclear.  LAMEO!
hard to calculate the different numbers! easy to make silly mistake, wish i could go back and change my answer for a better learning experience-- and that these answers would be explained more thourough. 	
Study guides would be extremely helpful and would clarify exactly what is on the exames! too much material to memorize with too little practice!!
pode evangélico no grupo? jkkkk
I would like to hear more of the phrases and words.	
Helpful study tool, good for repetition and memorization, examples are good for understanding and critical thinking.	
Some of the questions are not specific and caused me to miss the question, overall good software!	
fuck this. it just makes me frustrated and want to punch a wall.
not enough breaks	
outstanding overall study!!	
I hate LearnSmart and this class. 
I'm not taking an online class. Why am I doing so much work online?	
Waste of time!  The definition of busy work
I understand that LearnSmart is used to drill the answers to our chapter studies in preparation for a test or exam, but I believe too many questions are discouraging. I've spent an enormous amount of time answering questions after I've read the chapter and understood the work. 	
Pudim,pudim é  vida
no borussia dortmund com o denner e o kevin
Several of the questions are worded wrong regarded equilibrium price and quantity-price is always on the vertical axis and quantity is always on the horizontal one: some of these questions make no sense!!!	
The choose all that apply questions are way more difficult than they should be
There were a few grammatical errors that should be changed, but other than that, great product and worht the money!	
How the questions are presented are very confusing! I'm missing most of them. Failed the first exam as well. This Chapter has been terrible! 
The one thing that I did find helpful in this LearnSmart module was that a few of the answers that I seemed to have missed where asked again later in the slideshow. I feel that helped to remember and understand the answers a little bit better.	
Make it easier to know when you anwser 100% of the questions correctly. As apposed to jsut completing 100% of the questions.	
fuck online homework it should be a pen and paper like human beings are made to use
Not enough time to really understand because it is the end semester and there is too much to cover at once	
I think to help on questions I'm not sure of, it would be nice to have a reference or page number where I could find the answer or any information on the answer in the book.	
fill in the blanks are often ambiguous	
some free response questions are a bit vague, making it hard to know the answer you're supposed to give.	
i wish i could have more chapters available to study. tks	
Its a good homework tool and I think it helps for the tests as well.	
I think that this is a good tool.  My problem is trying to stay focus or second guessing what I know;	
i wish the test questions are given like the one on the learnsmart.	
tests are too hard	
These learnsmart modules are very helpful for me, but the assignments are more tedious	
busy work for a fake class
had trouble getting through the chapter on chemistry, learnsmart has helped somewhat in understanding what i was reading	
The fill in the blanks are awful, I can't remember full sentences and they aren't even definitions.
I hate doing learn smart.  I don't think I learn much from it.  It gets boring really fast so often times I don't read the questions and just randomly pick an answer until I eventually get them all right.
Tbm te amo meu td
I like Learn Smart, it's very helpful.	
the typos in some of the questions are distracting to me	
It would be nice to be able to just hit enter on the questions when you type things.	
This program really helps, the sense of friendly competition keeps me entertained and the fact that it recomended parts i should study up on really helped me learn the material better	
Actually helpful, one thing I very rarely say about a study tool. Thank you very much!	
Tam tam tam ?
ufaaaaaa ai sim eu quero 
sim. ela é pft p vc!
I like the way that the answers aren't just multiple choice and that  you have to fill in some blanks which really makes you think and refer back to the book 	
bura
cioccolato
Brand new to the program, but so far I really like it! Me gusta! :)	
The fill in the black questions are a bit too specific 	
great study tool.... just takes a lot of time to complete so many items	
The time spent is not a huge factor if in the end I am passing the tests and successful in the class. 	
Chuck Norris me enviou este patch ... Não vou questioná-lo
I believe that learnsmart has potential and do enjoy the work. 	
I like that the questions are difficult. When they are difficult it makes me think harder to get the right answer.	
I wish that there were explanations for why my answer was wrong.	
I get confused with some of the wordings. 	
the only confusing part about this module i found confusing was the wording of some of the questions. 	
How many ways do we need to answer the same question? Its a little rediculous.	
it would be nice to print these question to study after completing the module	
I feel what I read and what is on my test don't match up and I'm wasting my time 
I am not to fond of when there is multiple choice questions and I have to move them up or down I sunbmit.  Only to find out that other answers moved too.	
over half of the questions im being asked are not from lecture or my text book. and as i inevitably get them wrong, those are the ones I get repeatedly asked. So I am being overwhelmed with un necessary information, and it is really taking away from me studying the material relevant to success in this course. I feel id be better off without it. 
I think this will be a very effective way to learn!	
hmm... que vontade de encher nego que bebe mato na porrada
The wording of some questions is difficult to understand	
CHALLENGING	
I feel this program helps open doors for students, perhaps in a manner that is preventing them from proning to falling on the floor of ignorance and doing the dinosaur	
make the questions more clear	
Some questions involve things that were never meantioned in the book. The situation itself is in the book but it never meantioned how to handle that particular type of problem.	
I didn't know what to expect, taking much more time than I alloted.	
I LOVE LearnSmart!	
o primeiro suicídio a gente jamais lembra.
Pointless, unusefull, waste of time.
on one question i submited a answer before picking by double clicking after selecting probably. submition key should be moved	
Some of the fill in the blank questions require too specific an answer.	
its a nice program to learn. very easy. 	
This is a very helpful tool as well as being fun.	
some questions are strangely worded.	
Learnsmart is by far the best online homework/resource that I have used in school, I wish all my online homework was with learnsmart. I have used wileyplus and aplia and am not very fond of either.	
I hate this program. 79 useless units per 60 mins
I enjoyed the way this study aid is set up.	
It's a good learning program	
Very good studying/learning tool	
A small number of questions are vague and ambiguous. Corresponding text, is some cases, is not adequate in regards to fully explain material covered in questions. 	
isso e hora de mulher parar de lavar louça pra falar merda?😡😠
adicionou algumas coisas sujas
Way to time consuming !!!!!!!!	
I'm impressed :) 	
This wastes my time that I could be studying in a way better to my learning style.
too strict on spelling!	
oiii amoooor
acho um gostoso, você deveria come ele com o Macaco,! arromba esse cu dele .. até ele fica Grávido 
This website is dumb.
It says in the textbook bound not bonded	
I am learning more on my own with the learnSmart system. The questions are king of hard, but with the continued practice I will get it. As of today I realize I am taking a long time to go over the material and learn from my mistakes. This is a good way for me to stay focused. LearnSmart helps with my understanding as I continue to learn the corse. I am glad LearnSmart is available for me to use. Without it I would be completely lost..... This is the best tool yet.	
This has nothing to do with what we are learning in class.
sodomita
Why must every picture be so darn TINY???  I have 1920x1080 monitor and 20/20 vision... 	
inconsistencies with information found in the book
pick all the right answer questions are too vague
6 s tudo gai
THE QUESTIONS CHALLENGE YOU.	
It's sometimes difficult to discern what the program is looking for in the fill in the blank questions.	
this is dumb it takes way to much time and often times the questions asked are never seen during the test. Also the number of questions is rediculous
It would be helpful to provide an explanation as to why an answer is correct/incorrect. 
Some of the question are difficult tot find in the book.	
Maybe I'm over analyzing the questions, but the majority of these that I got incorrect were questions that I read the area of the chapter throroughly on. I would have challenged all of them, but again, from what i've actually learned from this chapter on time management is to make priorities and not waste time on a computer program that is garbage. I strongly dislike this.
the question that you have to pick mulitples are somewhat confusing because sometimes a question with only a single answer looks like the question with mulitple answers	
First time I've used software like this. Starting to like it. Makes things pretty simple.	
não gosto de sua mãe
sim eu só um homem 
the wording of some of these questions are misleading and demand some attention and work
vai chupa ou vai lamber
I feel like we havent convered some of this material in class. 	
LearnSmart is fine. I just wish I would have taken this class in person. I have found that I lean better that way.  	
Good supplement to the textbook.	
This is an absolute nightmare. Do you seriously get paid for this? Torturing students must be a real blast, go you guys! 
I enjoy doing the activities on LearnSmart very much.	
amo Marilyn Manson 
Awesome, 	
Honestly I feel like these are a waste of my time.  They take too long and just make me aggrivated and do not modivate me to study.
This homework is way too excessive< especially since we are not taught half of this information in class.
LEARN SMART SUCKS WASTE OF TIME
This is a good resource for art history. There is a great variety of artists, eras, and works shown to help teach the material. 	
Way better than My Math Lab.
Not a fan
I can offer a lot of suggestions if you wish.
I do not like the questions where the fill-in the blank answers are in or bottom. It is not in the book and does not help me learn a thing.
Takes too much time.  Should be shorter assignments. 	
This is a great way to study for our quizzes and exams! Thank you!	
new
Have these question be printable	
Use less wordy questions
Good tool!	
These questions are so hard. This does not help me for the test at all.
It's hard to gauge how useful these modules will be as the exam questions are very different from these types of questions.  However, these modules should be good practice for remembering trends and other concepts that should be of use in answering the exam questions.  The range of difficulty is sometimes too easy and sometimes too difficult, but on average I believe they are probably appropriate.	
I thought there would be some diagrams or something to fill out that usually helps me	
nao neh
ok, on real exams you wont be choosing more that one answer. So it is rediculous to have us choose more than one answer! and it wastes time in my life. I HATE wasting my life on this program because the way it is set up will NOT bennifit me in my class. So overall this whole program is useless because it does NOT help you retain information because people just want to get the modules over with as fast as they can.
I find learn smart to be an advantage to me because this is a great way to study. I normally don't study, so therefore I don't learn the material I am suppose too. However, with LearnSmart I am required to do the work and learn the material.	
Why is this not optional, its a repetative waste
learnsmart is stupid.
stop repeating questions that you already answered correctly	
Curta a pagina Gamadas por Bieber no facebook ;)
This is basic stuff. I don't think this should have even been assigned
tinha que ser um preto mesmo...
This is a waste of my time. It is very ridiculous
Vaca ? Só a Miley Cyrus drogadinha
I need to read the book.	
And I lost mark for a mis-typing as well.
instead of repeating the question later on it should be a rephrased so we do not know the answer and it makes us think about the information that the information is asking for	
Just takes up ALOT of time...	
cuidado
This is what I use to study for my exams. I don't do well reading from a book. I learn best when I'm asked a question about the material, then I either answer with what I reviewed from my notes from  reading or look it up. It may sound like I'm just looking stuff up, but it's how I learn. 	
I already mentioned this before, I don't need these modules to pass the course. My average is currently over a 96 and this is a waste of my time.... I've gotten a 100 on every quiz, a 100 on every hw, and 100, 92, and 92 on the first three tests.... not trying to be rude here, but if anything this may lower my final test grade because it's causing mental fatigue. 
acordei hoje ja chupando a buceta da sua irma
I hate how long it takes for me to complete a unit. It gets old, if I get it wrong it keeps having me repeat it. If I want to review it again, it should be on my terms. I do not like how it deligates how long i have to study.
Ok meu amor
i dont like how one question has four parts, and if yu get one part wrong the entire question is wrong	
biscoito, ta no pacote bjos 
I enjoy learn smart, it is very helpful, only downfall is the price. 	
I think i can do better then what i been doing	
It helps with tests because it reviews the information we have read in out book.	
make sure you type  right , and dont miss one if you choose yes..	
silêncio vadia
I do not know if this is already a feature but I would love to go back and redo some quizzes and homework assignments to sharpen my knowledge of accounting	
hard time con	
This is a great way to follow along with the book, find the important information, and learn in an efficient way!	
this is a good and helpful learning tool	
72 is a lot of questions. Perhaps less in the future?	
These questions are too confusing
This is a waste of my time. It is material taken directly from the text. I have already read the chapter, I dont need the information regurgitated back to me. This is a college course and should not have busy work and some ridiculously easy quiz at the end of each chapter. I would be more interested in some instructor interaction that would invoke critical thinking skills, and offer the opportunity to truly master the material. I get the perception that the instructor of this course is either lazy or has a hard time managing the course through the schools distance learning platform. 
XUPPERNAMEX, NÓS ACABAMOS POR ISSO. EXPANDTAB.
vamo sim eu quero o seu sorvete
The difficulty lies not in content but in the layout and arrangment of questions. This makes it impossible to learn properly. Also, edit your questions. They need some clarity.
hoo garoto
I like this module and how when you get one wrong it will pop back up later to reinforce the learning!	
great asset to learning!!!	
At first I thought doing the LearnSmart modules were just way too much extra work, but they've really helped me study and do better on my tests. 	
ta bom
Less questions	
Eu devia estar bêbado.
saudade de quando lucas ainda estava vivo
The LearnSmart Modules do not match up with the quizzes; it's hard to work with it.	
I think this is a great program and it makes learning interactive, which makes it less dry and more interesting.	
claro, me come.
this blows.	
K
I find my retention of the material improving in direct proportion to the amount of time I spend on this site.	
this takes way too much time
questions are repetitive and annoying. This is a stupid program and I want to drop out of my Psychology class because of it.  So sorry but the connect program is one huge waste of fucking time
learnsmart is very helpfull	
I am not receiving points for my correct answers which is very frustrating. I'm not sure if it's just a glitch, but i'd like to know where I'm at compared to my other classmates on this content	
terrible
eu sou sua delicinha
Less comprehensive questions, more practical problem-solving questions	
Là lá la la có le nào e voi wên a di 
*da mais um beijo*
the questions are super confusing
I wish it was clearer that some questions have more than one answer possible. 	
I felt like I paid $54 for glorified flash cards.
Learn Smart is useless.
There are many typos is the questions.	
maçonaria
If I wanted to take an online class then I would have I do much better in a normal class room setting
these shouldnt have more than 40 questions. more than 50 is too much.	
Pior jogador de lol EVER
It is a great challenge. I readchapter 3 once and have not looked at the book since. I am trying to recall material read and principles studied	
when letting me select an answer i should be able to confirm my answer before it is automatically submitted. There were a couple of answers that were automatically submitted, and I clicked the wrong answer by mistake.	
I LOVE Learnsmart and get better grades because of it!	
a number of question/answers would be clarified  IF the distinction between equilibrium and not, were made, eliinating guess work, and increasing certitude	
Still do not like that I cannot exclude modelues from chapters so I don't waste my time learning what I don't need to know. If I find a better way to study, I will be using that. Unless this gets fixed. Everytime i exclude modules, it resets them, an dmakes me study more than I need, it has done this with every chapter and this program was not worth the money and has caused me more problems then the class itself.	
se o narigudo sair de casa amanhã....SIM 
This is rediculous.
these questions are very different than the actual quiz questions for the modual.  It made me feel very unprepared.  I would like to see more explaination for the answers and perhaps a short video to futher explain those I fully missed.	
a única pessoa que eu amo é a seven😳
provide page numbers and glossary, index th help research answer. too many key strokes to finish a question . word question exactly as in the text of the book. we are not experts after just reading a chapter. I dislike in the extreme computer work when I took a lecture class.
Not helpful at all. I learn absolutely nothing from this
It would be nice to know if a question will be multiple choice or fill in the blank before answering how confident I am.	
i like this it is very helpful	
Stop contradicting you're own answers!!! I've ran into many questions where I used one to answer another and got it wrong using what LearnSmart told me previously.
Sim, muito mesmo
wording of some questions is very poor...like it was done by monkeys who were hit on the head with a hammer too many times. poor guys.
I can not stand learning like this, it tedious busy work. I forget everything after I finish the LearnSmart flashcards.
bla
i dont understand the 3rd question	
Puta, você só me maltrata. 
sometimes I have to wait (30 secs to 90 secs) for the question to load	
You guys shouldn't be so touchy with the answers. I missed a question because I answered Masons, instead of Mason. Assholes.
this is irritating.
não te odeio te amo kkk
Questions are not related to the textbook examples. Critical thinking is require to soon in the learning practice. Questions should go from easy to difficult. 
Too many questions. Questions are hard to read and understand. Questions still need to simplify as a effiecent learning method. 
it would be helpful; if everytime that you got a question wrong it told you what page to go to, or if while you were on a quwstion you could ask for help and it would tell you what learning objective it was from!	
ss
but their grade will better than me
I feel that the modules with 80 or more questions are to overwhelming for students to accomplish. 	
Russo es un hermoso cantante, que tiene una muy buena firma de e
eu não quero outra pessoa... 
Very helpful review for exam prep too.  =)	
Sorento sem dúvidas, 2.5 fritando a porra do asfalto
I have seen more than a few spelling and gramatical errors while using the LearnSmart flashcards.	
at times I find the phrasing of some answers not clear and miss them (incorrectly) or through process of elliminate (correctly).	
This works, it helps keep the grades up.	
The wording of the questions should be altered. Sometimes it can be difficult to interpret what the question is asking	
Eu odeio essa porra de linguagem.
I have come across some terms that are not familiar.  It would be great if we could click on words inorder to get a definition.  	
Dont provide so many answers to each question. 
I would like recommend your company makes an app or atleast makes the site mobile accessable. I often find myself playing pointless games while waiting around for somthing. I enjoy educational apps but they are in short supply at my lvl of education. If i could practice spanash everywhere i go it would greatly improve my success with you program.
The word infer was misused in one of the questions. It should have been imply. 
Acho que Judas traiu menos que sua namorada
mulher pra mim e deposito de porra mermão eu meto a pica, gozo e vou embora
What I would reccomend, is that when a question first comes around, unless they select that they know the question (so if they select probably maybe or just guessing) it should come up as a multiple choice. Then, if they get it right, perhaps 20 quesitons later, give the same quesiton in fill in the blank	
Really enjoy these	
se vc tem 3 amigos chamados joão o seu amigo chamado fernando é gay
dia 21 de setembro de 2020
Great tool that reinforces what I've already read and gives me opportunities to learn from my mistakes.	
Não!!!Desculpe
learnsmart is not teaching me anything
Bara Bra Grejjor
this is fun	
The LearnSmart activities are really helpful in studying subject matter. Practice always helps you master the subject. My greivances are with the Quizzes. I'm using Connect in two of my classes, and each are administering quizzes using the Connect program. The program has many MANY flaws. Answers jump to other answers without you realizing it, the program freezes, and when reviewing, myself and other students have found that Connect will state that we never visited a problem, when we absolutely HAD. I, like many other students, take their grades very seriously and to have this program interfere with our grades of the basis of technical difficulties is highly aggravating- assuming that the student actually goes back and reviews their quiz. We have enough on our plate, without having to worry about going back to check our answers- ESPECIALLY when many of these quizzes are timed. If it continues, I will have to ask my instructors to administer me a RELIABLE, paper quiz, the way we have always done in school... That way my answers won't jump to another answer, if I write something down it will STAY on the paper, and my grades will not suffer because of it.	
I hate accounting
The spelling part makes me have to use the book more than I would like.	
there are quite a lot of answeres that are different than what the book says.	
isn't it possible to see option answers before you chosse the decision.	
The only issue is using the - instead of the , / as it is in the book	
sometimes it is easy to overlook that more than 1 answer is acceptable	
Without remembering word-for-word what the texbook says, it is hard to remember, or find answers to most questions. A help me solve this button would be nice. In such a situation, the learner could click the button, be warned that the overall value for the question will be affected (never more than -30pts), and if they agree to procede then they could be helped through steps to solve the problem actively(!). Giving the answer to the question after the leaner has gotten it wrong is defeating the purpose of learning. With the system the way it is now, even a button after the learner gets the question wrong that says help me find this answer in the textbook would be great!
Nunca vou te fazer chorar
15-17 questions are enough questions per section more then that is to much . More diagrams are VERY usefull	
o bom do gay e que sobra mais mulher pra gente 😍😍😍
this is a waste of my time.  I am only doing this because it is a grade.
I have only had the chance to read half of the material	
some of the content is not in our textbooks. I have to read an additional borrowed textbook from an nursing class to answer the questions	
I just want to mention that for the last question, in regards to the difficulty of questions, I put fairly difficult on the basis that had I not looked over the assigned material, the notes, I would have been rather clueless. 	
I like the explanations of questions that I get wrong, but sometimes I'd like more explanation. Also if i select that I guessed a question, and I got the question right, it would be nice to have an explanation of why that answer is right just like if I were to answer it wrong.	
theres too many questions for each module	
It would be helpful if one could submit feedback about questions that are correct as opposed to only those which are answered incorrectly.	
kkkkkkkkkkkk
Everythings great!	
Except for a couple problems with the write in answers. I.e. more than one answer could be correct, this is a really good program to help reinforce learning. If anything I would decrease the total number of questions per module and increase the amount of mathimatical questions. Sometimes the conceptual questions are repeated far too often which is not that helpful. 	
optional would be better	
Ive been interupted by my children many times and made and ate dinner during this time.  Next time I will log out and start again.  	
the ebooks help you alot	
suka
I like how it requires me to search through the textbook for the material.	
I have learned more than I would by just reading in the book	
Much of these questions, or the answers to them, are not in our book. 
Eu esperava algo diferente.
Homework and learning is made fun through learnsmart. I actually want to do more. 	
This is not helping me at all. You are lucky I have to take this class because I would NEVER purchase your terrible book. It's a waste of my hard earned money.
I am using these to see what I don't know and am fortunate to have a two computer screen set up and am taking notes as I go.  If I do not know a question I look at my notes and review and if I get some wrong I make a note to learn what it is I did not know or understand.  I like taking these tests it does help keep refreshing the material in my head.  I will probably go back and take them again before my midterm and final.  I am in this to learn not to learn what is on the tests and will do whatever I can to really learn the material.	
Fun way to learn!	
I tend to read through questions too quickly and get them wrong as a result.	
ate onde uma pessoa vai na loucura? olhe o lusca e compare com um psicopata, qual a diferença?
qual a diferença entre o preto eo cancer? r: o câncer evoluí…
Ele compila! 50 pontos para a Grifinória.
ai q delicia gato
yep ;-;
Sometimes the questions are just worded weird.	
Claro gata, tão esperta quanto Yasmin Rocha
I feel as if the questions asked do not adequately assess the material in the chapter, nor do they address how to apply theorems and concepts in everyday life. Further, I feel that some quetsions are too vague to elicit the correct response. 
Great software!	
vai arrumar uma namorada, fudido
The questions ask for way too much detail.  And when you miss a problem you still have to do another problem for it to be counted towards finishing the homework.  Which is completely pointless and in my opinion doesnt help us learn the material better; it just gives us extra busy work. 
Some questions are a little misleading as to what they are asking.	
This module has helped me to apply and remember what I have read in the text book. 	
I feel that for some of the questions there should be a hint? It may help us remember things to answer the questions. In the end we can only benafit from it!	
this is way too much stuff; and the so-called challenging questions just gets u infuriated and almost frustrated!
By the way question number 2 is a leading question. after using learnsmart how confident are you that you know the content you have seen this fa in this module? what if using learnsmart hasnt increased my knowlege? If it hadnt then I wouldve been just as confident before as i am now.
The questions requiring text responses are sometimee ot easy to determine what the question really wants for an answer, as many different words can be used to answer, yet, the software only accepts one.	
GREAT STUDY METHOD!	
This is a great tool that allows me to see where I need to focus on studying more and what areas I need to improve on	
the wording and answers are annoyingly hard to deteremine... several possible ways to write the answers, very stupid program.
The modules would be better done in smaller sections. It would also be nice to print them out after you finish. 	
I think this is a productive way to help learn the information in the class. I feel like learn smart will be very useful before our exams!	
some answers are very vague and would be difficult to come up with given then statements.
It is hard to remember some biology when youndon't know anything about it. I do like this program , it really helps me.	
olha quem fala haha
Very helpful(;	
Way too many quesions in each module. Takes up way too much time.	
the questions that require you to listen to the word were hard for me to hear/understand. i had to listen to them quite a few times to even make out what was being said, and even then i wasnt sure	
questions were way to hard it was almost impossible for a student to answer them maybe they are accurate for someone who is already an accountant but not someone studying it	
no momento nao estou namorando
i feel like we should be explained why we got something wrong and how to learn the right answer.	
Takes way too much time. I understand the content and have been performing exceptionally well on exams, however this is just rediculous. 
e do ted3y
nau vai caçar enprego
ask to many different similar questions. the multiple answer questions are terrible
LearnSmart helps quite a bit in learning the material. Economics is a very difficult subject for me so LearnSmart is a good way to improve my knowledge on the topic. I think other classes should use this technique as well.	
This tool is very helpful.	
LearnSmart is very useful, and allows an easy and informative review of the material I have read. I feel there should be fewer questions, which would limit the questions per topic, but it would save time needed for other CONNECT projects.	
This is the first time I have used a system like this.  I have not been in a classroom environment full time in over 25 years so it is great to see how technology is playing a key role in the learning process.  	
sim, com a graça de Deus, seremos para sempre um casal!
você é uma otaria 
Learn Smart helps me to review what is necessary in the chapter, especially if I haven't read it all. 	
questions are too much	
This is quite fun and helps me learn better. Thanks	
It would be nice to have be able to skip questions so you can get to them later without ruining your score. It would also be better if the questions were in order as they are read in the book. 	
the wording of some questions are bad
The fact that I cannot reduce the number of items left in the assignment when multiple incorrect answers are given makes this assignment take a great deal longer.  This assignment is also difficult to spread out over time to make it less face-melting.	
nice work!	
I love this program!	
some questions are worded to where it's a little confusing	
I like mulptiple choice answers better because my spelling is not the greatest and label ing the picture are great	
correct answers need a little more details. thank you so much 	
Wording and answering is way to confusing!
I feel that LearnSmart is a waste of time and just adds an over-the-top amount to my already high stress level. I could be spending my time working on other assignments for other classes or spending extra time with my husband.	
i just find it hard learning this stuff on my own and using what i learned over the computer i rather learn this stuff in class and apply it in class
I am just nervous about how comparable the questions are to test material. I am not sure how much benefit I am actually getting from it.	
I strongly dislike learn smart. Particularly because I do not know how I am being graded. Also, questions are extremely redundant. 
Very helpful, I like the four options they give me to use.	
I am very interested in what im learning but sometimes the things im learning dont make sence to me untill im done with the module so yes it takes me 2-3 hours to finish but that just because im double checking everything and if i get it wrong im trying to firgure out why i got it wrong. This is a pretty complex class	
too repetative, too many questions for each section. Really 80, 90 questions per section? That is very unreasonable.
nahhhh you look good	
ain ain oh ow ain ow oh ow ai ainnn vo gozaaaa
I appreciate the fact that you ask some of the same questions over and over so that i will understand and learn	
Since I have not used this source enough, I am not able to provide specific answer.  However, from now on I am planing to use more connect to foster my reading.  I found quit difficult to pass my test just reading the book material.	
Not usful in preparing me for classroom exams
Great way of studying. As effective as having your friend practice quiz you before a quiz, but better because your not dependent on another person help for studying.	
precisamos fazer uma purificação racial nesse grp...
kk,comi o bumbum do de cima
SO MUCH. SO MUCH MORE THAN I DID AN HOUR AGO
Although I don't spend enough time on LearnSmart, it really helps me learn the foundations of the material.  By far one of the best academic aids I've had so far.	
sim, quando ela ta sozinha ela vai pra vcs, e quando ela fica cm as outras duas ela fica xingando vcs
The points and standing system is broken and unfair.
The assingment questions are scattered throughout the text and set in any particular chapter
The internet and program sometimems dosent work witch makes it very inconsistent and unrealiable	
Its a little too time consuming. But It's very helpful.	
Although for me this is time consuming, it helps out alot and i feel more confident on the exams!	
I wish I knew why every answer was incorrect, otherwise I end up guessing every time.	
jesus h christ
Vcccc!!
POSSO
ei receitas
I like this software, it should improve more material covered in class though.	
Sometimes the wording is a little bizarre, especially on the fill-in-the-blank questions	
I took Economics in high school and this was not a bad review. I really like the standings because it brings pride into the game.	
I know the material well from a hands-onstandpoint, but Learnsmart forces me into using precise terminology and exact relationships; however, manytimes the relationships are so subtle in practice that learning them is not completely relevant. Is a ionic bond or a covalent polar bond strong? Well, technically a ionic bond, but if you are working in solution, the charge from neighboring water molecules plays such a strong part that ionic can appear weak: subtleties. But then again, lecture is all about learning the subtleties. I like it.	
i like the learnsmart, im just more of a book person rather than using to computer.	
Also, I would like to get more specific coments with answers.. now, its not enough to figure out.
Easier to learn along with the book.	
Chapter 15 is tough	
ajudem 404 oi tudo bom o que aconteceu?
I am not paying attention to this assignment because it is so simple and online homework is a waste of my time.
This is mainly review material, didn't have to refer to the book much for this chapter.	
I am actually learning a lot from this software. Great work McGraw Hill!	
worest thing i used
The accents are tricky.
volta pra senzala favelado 
Why use the name goods when in  the book it says products! That really confused me and made me actually go back and check the book, I saw no words such as goods throughout this entire chapter!
i diont think fill in the blank questions are reasonable. i also feel you should not not get a question wrong based on spelling	
calada vadia imunda
really good system for studying!	
I dont undestand the questions asked to hypenate terms
Varies, it depends on if you understand the terminology or question.  Otherwise, very helpful for studying and learning purposes.  	
*oi ja fumou o seu cigarro de merda hoje? fumante fela da pota*
remove certas coisas e adiciona coisas
I think it would be better if you said you didn't know the answer for it to be multiple choice.	
some of the questions are too general with the answers making it hard to get it correct	
eu mato quem te deixo trite me diz quem ee
this is a great studying technique. it helps me think about the major points in the lesson.	
Eu cometi um pequeno erro
This was a frustrating experience.
Some of the information in this module is difficult to locate in the book.	
some questions seem a little open ended such as when there is a definite answer it would seem to fall in multiple catagories and vise versa.  also its not very clear when it moves from multiple choice to one word answers and such	
Very helpful.	
The module appears to be set up in a way that it assumes you've already read through the chapter. I think it would also be nice if there was a short summary or review to go over in addition to the study module. Because I know not everyone learns from just reading a textbook. Still, this is a wonderful program and I've been very pleased.	
most of the questions are straight forward and reasonably worded, however there are a few that seemed two or more answers would have been acceptable	
I like using LearnSmart to help guide my studying. 	
I hope that you guys made bank while spending money lobbying to schools and proffesors to use your software!!	
This is a waste of time in my opinion, but I like the easy points.
Page numbers sometimes don't match where the answers actually are in the chapters.	
Some questions are ridiculous!!!  Contradicting to what we learn in lecture.	
The questions are to word-for-word sentences from the book, and science is somwhat about abstract ideas and defending your opinions...personally, I do not feel like the opinion questions, for example, ones concenering the age of the earth, or global warming, should be marked wrong, if that is what is believed by an individual...its all theory, remember!?
tomara que você morra e sua carne fique apodrecendo lentamente para que assim eu fique observando seu sofrimento e rindo do quão patetico esta sendo sua situação 💞💞
even I know the real answer , sometime the way of the questions is challenged. 	
Kate foi a primeira 
This is the first time I have used anything like LearnSmart  with any of my courses and think that I have learned more of the material using this tool. I am also able to retain more of the information long term than I have using other study methods.	
We're not tested over any of the material learned from this.
cala boca rodada pqp
Waste of valuable study time, especially since the Learnsmart module questions aren't related/on the quizes or exams, which is what really counts.
More detailed questions	
i really think learnsmart is helping me remember the material	
Lots of typos and grammar errors in this one.  A lot of the questions are really stupid, and ask for just a random word out of the definition that can easily be another word.  
vocês sabiam que morador de rua não leva desaforo para casa
Sometimes questions can be misleading.	
I do not like that you can not skip and go back to a question.	
This is a money making scheme for both McGraw-Hill and the University.  Tuition does enough damage to my bank account and to ask students to pay even more money so that the professor does not have to teach as effectively because he can rely on McGraw-Hill Connect is obserd.  By the way, I am not a businees major but my time spent in the business building at Auburn University has been a joke.  I don't know how it is at other institutions, but Auburn's business program does not prepare it's graduates for the real world.  As I said, I'm not a business major but I have many friends in the college of business who can testify to the truth of my assertions.
I think that this is a good system to learn organic chemistry. I have used different programs for other classes and i like this one the best so far.	
Big waste of time.  It should be optional
This program is a waste of my time. I have other homework to do that is way more important, as well as a lab pratical to study for. I do not need to spend my time worrying about this program. Get rid of it. 
second time through learn smart.  I think it's a good tool for teachers.  I'm not learning anything doing these tasks.
shhhhiu paulista,vc é paulista,paulista não fala ele escuta e obedece 
Leccami la figa
- thank you for letting me voice my opinion.
These questions are difficult but it's probably because they are asking about the deep important information, not just the basics. 	
sm acho que tô gravida
Its sometimes hard to clarify what the question is asking.	
gato
awesome program guys, thanks alot	
soletrar é difícil
I realy enjoy it, seeing my standings makes it fun.	
O cachorro está comendo meu código
thankyou
it is only difficult if one does not study	
Learn smart is a good way to learn the material. The only problem I encountered was not being able to find the information in the book.	
I dont use multiple choice questions on my exams because multiple choice questions can be misinterpreted, just as I misinterpreted or answered too quickly.  I understand the need for multiple choice questions for online homwork however.	
stupid questions about little details
ESTOU EMPURRANDO.
I like how they show what i still need to work on and if i get the problem wrong i dont just guess the answer until I am right, it makes you look at the book and find it, learn it and use it.	
This is the second or third class I have taken using Connect.  I think it is useless and any teacher that uses it is lazy.
Tem tanto boi que dá pra brincar de vaquejada.
Some questions are badly worded or have answers that don't make sense, such as the one concerning adolescent pregnancy in the US. My source for this question in particular was a graph in the book.	
I HATE THIS!!!!! IT MAKES ME WANT TO CRY!!!
mais correções
Thank you!!
continue sempre agindo como o mesmo, não mude pelas pessoas
There is abundant amount of mis-information, one sided presentations and in a vaccuum examples. I researched the facts, the histories and footnotes (where those facts are from) that were presented to me. Some success stories that give attribution to the lessons are void by the full history of the corruption behind their success, not presenting the actual reasons for all of the success is misleading and to me morally corrupt. Some facts have been rebutted, or retracted before the published date, but not included.I did research the sources and the bias is sickening. I find it hard to believe that every failure presented is under the same political philosophies, because the organizations that are used as successful example of organizations could not have occurred without the failure that should have been avoided. I have a few examples where the lesser failure of one was the contributor to the extreme success of an another because of those political policies.
pq s
bien esta un poco enferma la pobre paro se le va a pasar
Some of the wording is off and there have been quite a few grammmer and spelling errors	
fai tomar no cu porra
I really enjoy the program!	
quero que se dane, vo bloquear o celuçlar pra ninguem mais usar
I am a college student @ 40 years old.  Any refresher help is good help since the only subject matter even broached in this section was when i was 12 or 13 years old.	
The questions asked are not covering what we have been taught. Also, some of the fill in the blank answers are too vague and are considered wrong when you try to be a little more specific. Overall, I highly dislike the program
this module is useless, needs to be a study tool for those who need it, not a multiple hour homework assignment
preto imundo 
This is so shitty.
this program is new to me but it is very useful and i like it. i look forward to using it now and in the future.	
Raúl Alfonsín el más grande ! 
Personally, studying using a computer program is aggravating to me. Plus, I feel like the problems here aren't at all similar to the types of problems we've been tested on.
I'm partially colorblind. Don't use red and green.	
THESE MODULES DO NOT HELP ME LEARN ANYTHING THEY FRUSTRATE ME MORE THAN ANYTHING!  
Some of the wording can be a little tricky, but overall I am pleased with the questions and my progress.	
Laparoscopy in itself is not a method of  female sterilization.	
There are to many trick questions	
The directions need to be MUCH clearer!	
fuck off
sim,ate a morte
The system crashes a lot and you cannot access the courses materials or assignments i payed over 100 dollars for something thats not realiable...not very happy	
I truly believe that LearnSmart is going to be helpful thrroughout my Macroeconomics course. 	
Nao sou mae do ze 
I think there are certain discrepencies between the text given us by the Professor and some of the terms in LearnSmart, however, they tend to be minor. 	
Sometimes there are correct answers that are inputted yet they're still looked at as wrong; I am a spanish speaker and I speak it daily, so its weird that the module would tell me, a fluent speaker, that I'm wrong. an example would be baloncesto and basquetbÃ³l. 	
fill in the blank is the hardest for me and putting the exact word you are looking for	
Takes a while but definately helps with retention.	
learnsmart is horibble
YOu have alot of questions and I dont like the free responses	
ja falei que amo um churrasco de aborto? 😍😍😍😍
ffs
telling people when they need a break is patronizing and annoying.
This is the most annoying study guide I have ever used, I don't like starting with 60 questions and haveing to redo them if they are wrong. I am not happy with this set up at all!
The book I have does not even talk about half this stuff. 
I'm pretty satisfied with the answer blank questions.	
Some things was hard but some was common sense.	
sinto como se o lucas fosse morrer...e eu morresse junto...
just a bit to many repeats in questions i have answered correctly	
tell us how many right or wrong answers there are to a question !!!	
this is annoying	
ja viu anime hoje?
do not help me. AT ALL.
The way learnsmart questions are written are a pain in the ass and can lead to confusion in an individual who would have in other scenarios been able to answer the question correctly. Also, using obscure information from the book or designing questions that need multiple lines of reasoning using knowledge taken from the book is a pass or fail approach that leaves students feeling inferior if they dont get it.
obr sou msm
Some questions are asked in a confusing manner. The way they are worded makes it hard to follow.	
#>santificado seja o senhor
oii amiga
I cannot stand fill in the blank questions.
I've found some glitches over the past weekend.  I did 3.5 modules and my progress was not recorded which had me redoing all of the modules over again.  While frustrating it did give me more study time.  Just worried that possibly issues will arise when taking the tests and it not keeping the score	
I beleive learn smart is a great progam. Since i am a slow laerner i need to practice more then orthers. 	
they are worded in such a way it takes more time to understand what the question is asking than figuring out the answer. Also here are way to many questions. we have almost 200 questions to answer and that is if you get them all right the first time! way to much	
I like the practice.	
the phrasology of the qustion is often frustrating. 	
It would be more helpful if the questions were reworded after being answered.  I find that I am memorizing the way the question looks and that is how I am getting the correct answer and I feel like I am not actually learning the correct answer.	
I have seen some answers spelled wrong and it confused me a little. Also, my ipad app lets me do a module but it doesn't count it towards my HW. It just gives me points for studying but assignments aren't counted as the assignments thats due	
makes learning fun!	
I think the material is poorly made and a very ineffective way to learn public speaking.
Hate Hate Hate fill in the blank questions!	
I wish these were worth more points, because i would have more incentive to complete them.	
the pasting of pictures when following directions is unclear and confusing...I still can not finish an assignment because I can't follow the directions that are given.
This is stupid. Worst hour of my life. 
Esta não é a mensagem de confirmação que você está procurando
When we use the edited (shortened) textbook the page numbers listed in the Index at the back of the book do not match up correctly since the text book has been shortened....Other than that I think this is a wonderful tool to use to help students study!	
vai comer teu pãozinho de queijo seu minero
Make the images a much higher resolution so one can actually read them without earning themselves a headache from intense squinting... unless that's the intention of the tiny pictures.	
A lot of the questions in this section were not covered in class, so I had no notes on them. It would be nice to be able to skip ones, or vote to have them removed from the section.	
House Cat
I dislike online options when compared to physical teaching methods	
Let's learn more I'm just gettin started	
get off my page	
Maybe a limit on the amount of questions in each module. 90 ist zu viel.	
App issues:
I feel some of the material has not yet been discussed in the lectures or in the book.	
i think this is not any use to me at all, im in my office at my comapany i own, while trying to take care of my grandmother here who has alzthimers wih demensia, and still have not fed the cattle on the family farm i inheireted. i do not learn by computer and have to much to do to see this as being worth while. i learn more in class. i am an only child with no parents alive and the only one to take care of my grandma and at this point all i wanna do is throw tis computer thru the window. 
The iOS app needs some work.	
some fill in the blank questions can be filled with multiple words that mean the same thing and it is not fair to have points off for that
for some questions there could be two possible answers that are synonomis to each other	
7k em presente? cof cof liam
I feel like some of the questions are subjective and have no true and clear right or wrong answer.  	
learnsmart is an excellent tool to help with review.	
I haven't been sitting here the whole time, so the 1:1 hours is a little misleading.	
hai hitler
*  I should be able to join my class VIA the app
como assim ele ta te tratando mal...Chama a DANIELLE VOU ARREGAÇAR  A CARA DELE.
need more mathmatical problems and examples	
só vc sendo outra pessoas!
Some of the questions seem radom and I can't find how to do them in the book which leaves me clueless so I google search it.	
I like having mutiple choice because that is how our test will be and I feel like I know the answer easier if I have options.  Sometimes I don't know which type of answer it is looking for.	
Racist
Have not learned accents on letters yet.	
I really like this! i wish i could combine different chapters together so that we could use it as a review for our tests	
This is the best online school software that I have used throughout many classes.	
It is a valuable tool for retaining the materials in the book.	
unenjoyable product
i feel like this is a waste of time and I am not sure why my professor is making us do this. This learn smart isnt even on the book that we are using and she is not even grading on content, just if we did it or not. It's just busy work and I have better ways for me to study. HUGE WASTE OF MY TIME!!!!!!
This is fun! It's helping my old brain remember the information that's in the book.	
the LearnSmart moduales go above and beyond what I have learned in the classroom. LearnSmart provides that little extra piece of information that helps students accel. In my chosen field thats important because lives depend on it. so thanks	
O Vovõ : - Mamãe, mamãe... o vovô está cambaleando... Mãe:- Então dispare novamente, imbecil...
its dumb that you marked incorrect for spelling. for example, the answer was subcontracting and i put in sub-contracting and got it wrong. 
The repetitve nature makes the program feel like bussy work!
sinto muito
If possible, I'd like to have some audio interaction with my LearnSmart education. Thank you	
These do not prepare me for the tests AT ALL. Very disappointed in that aspect.	
There are some spelling errors I have seen	
This is entirely too much work and too time consuming for a non-internet course. I have NO internet at home so I am forced to sit at local restaurants until they kick me out trying to finish this every week!! 
Some questions can be a bit too obvious just from the choice
This is the worst and most useless program I have ever used.  
Seu reino nos descobriu
oi bb vamo jogar um lolzinho?
I am also taking notes. This is why I might be taking a longer time. I want to actually learn.	
Claro! minha musica favorita e mucambo cafundo
It would be beneficial to have the answer to the question in english as well...after you answer in spanish	
i need more time to review my notes...this is a last minute resort and i feel i will not do well on the test...it's my own fault...i did not keep up with online course requirements...i am bad at checking email...i am trying my best to remember	
Too many questions. Too much time. The pop up asking to download something to my PC is annoying and I wish I could disable it. It pops up every couple of questions. I will avoid taking classes who use LearnSmart in the future.
Hack grosseiro porque o XNAMEX não sabe codificar
I wish this wasn't a requirement
I love this! I wish we could use it with our high school classes	
There has been so much material throughout this book that is NOT covered in the book! I'm using the internet too much for this and its making me angry! 
If a person is able to answer 2 out 3 answers, and credit is given the question should not be repeated.	
Learn Smart is a great tool to allow students to maximize their time investment into studying. I would like to see a timer for the time reamaining in each suggested session. For myself this would allow better time management, 	
eu roubei  :) 
é  nois! 
I stilll think that learning/reinforcing the material this way, is great	
There are way too many questions but its still good practice	
The search tool in the ebook could use a lot of improvement.	
It would be great to have feedback on items that you dispute.
bem-vindo ao shitty wok!
e verdade 
I understand all of the information when I read it in the book and study on my own, but the wording of the questions on LearnSmart is confusing.
HALLAL <3	
some of your questions are still open to arguement, dispite what is written in the book we have been assigned. It could stand to be tweaked a bit.	
Please provide real word examples	
Caroline
Stop using type in the blank questions.	
por algum motivo existencia do lucas é um milagre
many missing word problems have far to many synonyms.
I really enjoy using this module. I am hoping I can use this to keep fresh of what I have learned. I ahve four kids and I like that I can get on here when I can. Nights are better for me since my familt is alseep. I have learned a lot. Thank you for this program! :)	
These modules aren't learning experiences more than they are test and quiz experiences.
too hard	
I wish that after you masted the item that it will still ask you questions on it so you wont forget!	
the only problem i have is the number of questions, i think there could be fewer.	
É por isso que o gato não deve sentar no meu teclado.
I really like how learnsmart works because its a quick and easy way to see how you are doing.	
In this module especially, there has been material required for the correct answers that is straight up not in the chapter of the coressponding textbook. I would highly consider revisement of said questions. Thanks.
The repetition of questions helps to memorize them.	
Thank you for allowing this to be a trial program for our class. This is a fantastic and fun way to study, and I like that it is free. I do not think I would pay for it, if it cost me to use it.	
tá eu paro -_-
Possible answers for skin should include epidermis
oi vaca 
If i get some of the question reigh and miss one then it pisses me off.	
I've found that the LearnSmart material capitalizes on what I've learned in lecture by forcing me to think about the conceptual side of the studied content.	
i learn nothing from this 
I wished the font size was a little bigger.	
This is a lot of information for one chapter.  I almost feel like this could have been broken down into 2 chapters.  The amount of work and level of questions were very reasonable.  It was just a lot of information for one sitting.	
There are wording issues and spelling errors that cause me to miss some of the questions. It is also over whealming.
não sou assassina! apenas apenas antecipo o fim da vida de outros.
Fuck learn smart. takes too long.
o que brilha mais em um preto? r: as algemas
Tell us when it's mulitple choice and when it's fill in the blank before we click whether we know it or not.	
Words are spelt wrong in the questions making it dificult to understand what the question is asking.
This program is GREAT! It is just not being used properly in conjunction with the class. It needs to be tied in a little bit better. 	
Sometimes I leave this tab up on my laptop and answer a few questions throughout the day. Hopefully this doesn't skew your data.	
this is actually one of the better study tools i have encountered.	
the chapters do not match up with the book. Trying to use this as a tool to learn is almost impossible
I believe there should be some more challenging questions, perhaps changing ones that haven't appeared to adjust for the challenge. I would also like to see more emphasis on the steps of various mechanisms. Perhaps picking out the correct order for one or finding what step doens't belong.	
This should not be the way this material is taught.
The website takes forever to load sometimes.	
I'm just trying to get this chapter done before I leave for vacation, so I didn't put a large amount of study time into this one	
I think this module is wonderful. I like that it asks you to take a break when you are struggling with the material. I also like that it allows you to go through the book again at that time.	
I don't like this. It doesn't help me apply any of the concepts that I'm learning. Also, these questions aren't like any questions on our exams; so they waste time that I could use studying for my exam.
VC é deliciosa
thais e pedro suposto novo casal do gp?
Please stop with the questions that are paragraphs long, or answers that only very in one letter.  Also, don't use flashcards that have flashcards imbedded within them.  Answering three questions right but getting one wrong should be penalize the student with no points earned.
takes too long. too many questions. 	
I found this to be a good learning tool	
8 filhos
sim um tal de Edilson
Some questions are confusing about what they are asking for.	
spelling should not affect your score.. I occasionally type too quickly, I know the correct answer and enter it correct, I should not be docked points because of spelling.	
These quizzes are unpredictable and too difficult in my opinion. There are questions where I would have said yes that i did know the answer because it was multiple correct answers in the question but it didn't say that there was, so I put No-Just Guessing and then i find out i can submit multiple answers. These quizzes aren't clear, I'm getting different information between my professor and the quizzes and this is outrageous that this type of quiz format is even allowed due to the misleading characteristics of the questions and answers.
I wish you had to confirm you were ready to submit all answers not just questions that require multiple answers. I miss quiet a few because I try to highlight answers while I'm reading them and accidently end up with a submission	
keep it challangeing it forces me to really analyze the chapter reading	
It helped me review and study old material. i felt it helped	
I like the fact that one has to know the information very well when it comes down to selecting more than one option. 	
Modules need to be shorter... they are way too time consuming.	
I think this program works very well in connection to developing a deeper understanding to the material. I find the way the questions are written, to be an excellent way to review for testing. Although I do think that 42 questions is a bit much considering that it is only lessened by answering correctly, it works out to determine whether you actually know what you are doing	
There are too many of the same questions	
srblack kikou no polux %battery% vezes
Extremely tedious and long, not really learning, instead memorizing the answers. 
I think the problem sets are a bit over the top... I find myself spending way too much time on those	
i'm getting to hang of it, considering this is my first online class . but i'm still not confident enough yet	
The first module seemed to be filled with very difficult questions, and the second seems to be much easier to follow along in the book and answer the questions. 	
eu estou triste... me deixem em paz por favor,eu imploro apenas hoje...
I did this the first time not reading much of the chapter to see what I knew and to practice with the Connect. And it knew exactly what page I stopped reading at. This is a very helpful tool. :)	
certeza lkkk
I would recommend including more computational problems for subjects such as accounting.	
I havent been using it to study, just started, but It should be great! Gracias!
Connect is a scam.
One of the most helpful things in accounting is LEARNSMART	
Some questions do not reflect to my customized version of the book (custom edition RSM erasmus university) which could be an improvement to adjust the questions	
This is the best way to study I've found so far!	
theres too many terms that sound the same
I don't like online assignments. 	
Oi meu amor, tudo bem?
yas!yas!yas! and yas!
This is a pointless system that provides nothing to students. Also your mobile app is HORRIBLE. I wasted over an hour doing this and it didnt register my answers......awesome job guys
Learn smart should lower the questions being asked to about fifteen instead of 40.	
it doesnt help anything its just a pain and waste of time.
The wording on some of the questions make the questions difficult to understand	
Eu não dou a mínima para a minha reputação
negativo vadia 😎
Hate this product. just another way to nickel and dime already broke college students and their parents.  Any totally ingorant dumb fuck can learn this material just by reading, hense making students buy the book and this connect thing is riduclous.
The fact that they're are multiple examples/questions presented for a single concept really makes it challenging, but allows you to focus on minor differences between concepts early on, improving the learning curve overall. I find this helpful - even if it takes me longer to get through all the examples.	
I like the program. It helps with the answer I don't know.	
Thank you for being my learning buddy!	
I like the challenge because I know what I need to focus on!	
TOO MUCH QUESTIONS, and it is beginning to become just another busy work instead of a learning tool.
homi
O, não adianta negar
If I accidently clicked an incorrect answer, I couldnt' choose to go back.	
This is the third or fourth time I'm being polled, and I still think your program is shitty.
The moudle helps student know the chapter.	
My professor is only giving us 20 points to complete 180 questions; coming from someone who will do just about anything for points, I'm actually questioning whether or not this is worth all the effort.
Forcing students to one system of learning is inefficient and defeats the point of having an education at all. (learn how to learn). 
Eu não sei mais em que acreditar, mmkay!
I do not need Lern Smart to know how I have to study!!!!! I would rather spend the time in doing something else!!!
i like the level i am currently at	
Understanding the basic concept of the stock market is a challenge in itself for someone who didnt know much about it before hand. Adding entries and other variables to it makes me want to smash my head in this desk.	
I think this is an awsome learning tool. However, I believe there are to many question in each module. Also way to many questions as to click all that apply, which is all wrong with one missed statement.	
I like this way of learning so far. It makes the textbook more interactive. 	
vo mete 1mil travas no teu c
Melhorando a correção
its too picky on answers sometimes	
I legitamately hate the interface and I hate the program.
I sometimes put answers that are different words but mean the same as the right word, and it says they are wrong. Also I sometimes put the answer as I read it from the book and it marks it at wrong. It makes it a little frustrating some times.	
Devo gostar de me torturar
The content in the book does not match with the content in the Learnsmart
I feel like i don't soak up the information as much as i should be. Maybe there is something you guys could do to make it so on the problems i missed i could study them in a different way than by reading the book. I can't just sit here and read this book cover to cover. It covers way more information than what i need in my class and is extremely boring.	
With reading more clearly I'll be able to improve my time on the course!	
I really do not fancy learnsmart. I don't think this should be for college students, I feel this system patronizing. This is stuff high school and middle school students should do. This being assigned as homework is a waste of time. I have two jobs and other classes. I think learnsmart is ridiculous. 
the mutiple selctable answer questions seem difficult to navigate
ITS REALLY SHITTY
i hate your system with a passion. It does not help at all in my studies and it is so nitpicky not even google or a different book can assist in it.
i believe is a great tool to memorize material but it would be nice to see more real life examples and perhaps situations in witch the we can see how all the economic terms ralate to every dat life. 	
Honestly, annoying and doesnt help me for the test at all. 
I hate Learnsmart.  It's superfluous, time consuming and awful.  Get rid of it, please.
Great stuff, works well.	
This is too expensive for poor students!
to cagando e vc ? 
ridiculous quantity of questions.........takes forever. waists time when i could be studying lecture notes instead!
Very helpful, methinks.	
sometimes the questions arent too clear, specaily the fill in the blanks that required the person to fill in the box instead of choosing an option	
way to go,  Save those trees	
Isto funciona
I accidently clicked on answers and it immediately accepted those ansswers without giving me the opportunity to submit the answer.   Even when only one answer is requested, we should still have the opportunity to submit the answer before it is registered in the system.	
Getting near the end of the material, I am easily answering the questions faster and with more confidence.	
I am not learning anything while answering all these questions. I'm not recalling any of the concepts learned. The standings per section represent more of a discouragement of how horrible I am doing.
Some answer you must type are odd.	
more with grammar less vocabulary	
It is an excellent source to help prepare the the upcoming test to help study for my weaknesses on the said topics	
I think LearnSmart is an effective study tool, but overall it's really going to depend on how interested I am in the material of each chapter. So for me it's more subjective.	
sometimes i did not read the problems thoroughly	
I think this is a better way to leanr then with regular connect.	
Nathy gostozap
La drogue
I don't like connect because I didn't sign up for an online class and this seems like one.
Idk, I don't get A's on the exams so 0 on this 
A reason associated with my increased time spent is lack of sleep causing fatigue.	
There should be a way to go back to the questions that you answered correctly to make sure that you still understand and know the content.	
Provide the page numbers when a question is wrong.	
1. Check grammar on some questions, especially chapter 5 material.
The learnsmart material takes up way too much time, because 75% of these questions are not even on our quizzes!	
The system itself is wonderful. I have always greatly benifited from flash cards and with this I don't have to waste time making them, I go straight ot learning them. The down side is I feel like many of the questions could be structured or worded better and there should also be referencable pages linked to repeatedly incorrect answers.	
stop with fill in the blank questions. 
cover material irrevelant to course material
The program is flawed. It asks you to give definitions of you hear and gives you colors to pick from. Sometimes it will ask you to also define a word then exspect you to to put el or la in tfront as if creating a sentance instead of just defining the word itself. Thankyou for your time!!!	
is to reduce on the number of modules.	
These are time wasters. I hate doing them
sim luiza
Se você é uma mulher ou um homem
sim miga
It takes a long time and doesn't seem to matter how well you know the material. It should be if you know the material according to your answers that you shouldn't have to do even more of it. 	
Typos in questions are very confusing.  There should be a way to share feedback that there  is a mistake in the question other than just rating the question.	
To cut down on the number  of questions, I suggest that no question be duplicated.  	
I am terrible at fill in the blank and at spelling, so those questions were much harder for me than the questions where the answers were listed.	
Daiana, ele está ter pedindo foto, manda umas fotos pra ele :)
This is a much better study tool than just reading powerpoint slides	
This is a very helpful tool.	
Should have started using this way earlier. 	
I absolutely love this. It is asking question not covered in class, and really, accentuates and assists the instructor in providing detail to his lectures.  Outstanding.	
boring and slow
As for this module, I do feel that it helps me to prepare for the chapter quiz, because it asks specific questions that require me to flip back through my textbook. But again, some of the answers aren't implicit in anything I've read. I therefore just try to remember the right answer so that I won't get it wrong next time. Unfortunately, this leaves me with no context in which to apply the concept.
Nem toda mulher é puta, mas toda puta é mulher, bom dia
dont give so many questions	
This is a detriment to my grade and nothing else, I am learning history and stratagies while you grade me on the math parts I am not taught.
kkkkkkk coitado, não fico triste atoa
maconha doido
faz eu rir não meno to sombria hj...
I read the book and I cant seem to find the answers, I am personally learning this from Learn Smart only. It's a bit frustrating.	
Yes please!
I really like the competative nature and information given. I also like the retrys I think it helps in the absorbtion.	
This was the dumbest thing ever. I would rather play language games. I honeslty just looked up the answers in my book so i could finish this faster. I have better things to do than sit here for 40 minutes per lesson or longer if I get it wrong. I wish we could use Rosetta Stone instead
change the weight of each option!!	
you are asking for too specific wording in the fill in the blank...it is very frustrating when you put down a word that means the same thing but you count it WRONG!!! so annoyed
All in all, the scoring system should just be thrown out. It is completely non-conducive to learning. It would be far more helpful if the graph showed how certain one was when the correct answers were picked out. In the current format if someone guesses an answer and it turns out to be correct, that question never appears again. That is worthless for long term grasp of the material and doesn't really give any indication of how well the student actually knows the subject matter.
i feel learn smart is helpful fro learning material	
I believe that the questions help me understand the material. However, when taking the  quizes or reviewing the material we may need to know when taking a test, I believe that more material from connect needs to be used on the exams instead of using questions that may be tricky 	
Very Good!!!!!! :)	
I'm going pretty quickly through it just to get it done because I know the teacher will go through the material in class, but it is still nice to get exposed to it in this way.	
I DONT LIKE THIS ONE BIT 
The feedback is worded in a degraded manor. It's not my fault I am struggling because we have to do these before we learn the chapter in class. Degrading me does not help my learning.
I would sometimes accidently press the wrong answer, since I have trouble with my mouse pad (laptop) at times.	
removeu as declarações echo e die, lolz.
I really like how questions that I have had trouble with show back up throughout the module.  I think this will be a very helpful and beneficial way to study.	
When there's a study break, it'd be nice to have a 5-minute timer (or whatever time is appropriate), but do keep the option of skipping it.	
I love the studying time this provides me, I just need to spend more time thoroughly reading my chapter(s) before I start. And once I go through the whole thing once, it might be good to go through it twice.	
bug corrigido
the wording you guys use is sometimes difficult to understand	
this shouldnt be timed because alot of other people have other people to take care of while trying to do homework so i dont think this should be timed.
então vem, e encaixa na minha rola
I really felt like it was trying to help me instead of quiz me on what I knew so it could give me a grade.	
These flashcards are a complete waste off time. I don't learn information through repetiton, I want to have information explained to me.
I make my own personal notes when I read the chapter to help me study for the test and answer the questions.	
Some of the questions have very little to do with the book study.  Usually I think the Connect is very helpful with the study material from the book, then you get to the last five questions of chapter 5 on connect and they have NOTHING to do with the chapter and it looks like the McGraw Hill people aren't communicating with the McGraw Hill people when they're developing the McGraw Hill products.
Has made me much more observante when I am  reading.	
i love you
it is not bad the wording to me is hard at times if u could put page number to refer back to and when i get wrong can u tell me why and not just give me the answer	
I do not like this product 
desempregados filhos da ****
I believe that it is difficult to focus on such large chapters and learn them as parts of a whole when the questions jump from one section of the chapter to another so fast.	
Takes too long to get through all of the questions.	
I felt that the learnsmart tool is easy to understand and found close to the middle of the quiz that if you read the book that there should be no reason to miss any questions.	
I hate the waste of time on this module.
I have never had an online class that required these types of modules, but I definately think it is helping me prep for the tests.	
vct seu escroto
Sim, mais não posso admitir
I like the concept of learn smart and it is quite helpful--my issue is the with the material in the book and, because of that, a lot of the questions on here I don't think are helpful.  	
Learn smart is a great system, doesnt directly impact your grade for wrong answers, but the more you do it, the better your own understanding	
Esteffany
Move the directions for select two or choose one of the following to the top instead of the bottom.  Easier to read directions first.	
I loved this! I've been looking for a good flashcard system for forever and this is perfectly suited to what I need :)	
As much as I love your website, it's really bogging down my computer!  The quizzes are the worst - my mouse stutters all around the page.  - Win 7 Enterprise,  ~ghz dual core, 4gb ram, & onboard ATI Radeon HD 3200 (mobile)	
im only saying fairly difficult because i didnt know much, so if i did it wouldnt have been  difficult at all	
humor negro e mt bom,nunca envelhece igual criança com câncer😊😊
takes more than 45 mins
Eu preferiria jogar SC2.
hard questions
this is a waste of my time and money.
The wording of some questions leads one to believe the answer is something  other than what is true. Also, many questions (the fill-in-the-blanks) were asking very un-neccessary questions and asking for us to fill in the silliest words...	
It has been a wonderful experience with you all.	
Some of the questions could be more clear. I get them wrong because I am not sure what you are even asking.	
this homework if full of subjects that were not in class
I once spelled nickel wrong, nickle, and it counted it wrong.  I thought that small error should not have made it wrong but at the same time it is forcing me to TRY to spell correctly.  	
I believe the reason i'm having trouble with this subject is because I dont feel a connection with it and it really doesn't interest me.	
I believe that the questions are fairly difficult, meaning that they are just challenging enough to make me think about the material I have studied in the book. The questions are not too hard, but not too easy for me.	
there are alot of write in fill in the blanks in this lession, more than the last two previous lessions.	
ta louco? seu filho da puta
dia 7 de maio de 2031, não sei quando vocês irão ver está mensagem neste commit, rezo que seja antes do futuro horrível em que estou. o futuro está perdido, nossas águas secaram, nossas florestas morreram, só nos resta sobreviver com o pouco que nós resta, além de aproximadamente 80% da população global ter tido seu fim pela escassez, os 20% matam e roubam para viverem, não vamos suportar muito tempo. se vocês estão vendo isso, não sigam pelo mesmo caminho, mudem o futuro que vocês moldaram.
The questions are highly vague.
im not to keen on internet courses
I was skeptical about using the program for my Biology class, but I actually found that it was a very useful and fun way to review and be introduced to the new terms for class. I'm extremely pleased with the program!	
Offer explanations as to why people commonly choose the answer that is incorrect.  Tell me why I am wrong.	
I dont want easy tests, however having some of the same questions on the test would be helpful.	
This is a great tool to learn information out of chapters.	
This shit gets my brain goin man it's hard to figger out some of the questions because I'm not all that bright but I like the colors and stuff. -Boone	
I do not loke this I like the old method much better of a lot more homework proble, this was not really that helpful. Its confusing and at time vague of what it wants
foi no pântano hoje? E esse cururuzao aqui?
This is an easy way to learn key terms and review what we have read I really like these Learnsmart Quizes! 	
I LOVE this part of my studying! i love that i can do it in small sections, that it identifys what i need to repeat, and that it tell what i'm doing wrong right in the moment. That especially keeps from learning the wrong thing only to have to unlearn and then relearn-which is sooo frustrating and time-consuming.	
I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS. THIS RESOURCE IS RETARDED.
amo
I definitly like learnSmart it is a good review for the chapter/module that I am reviewing and I believe that it pulls out the outline of the chapter in what really can help us. pretty much brakes ebverything down into the main objective of the chapter!	
there have been a couple questions that i've had a hard time finding in the book	
Learnsmart is a good guide to help me improve the lecture i received in class. it helps me to learn new items of the chapter.	
resto de extrume,macaco
Third, Connect should have an option to make Flash Cards from anything I want to highlight in the eBook.
era uma vez um garoto mario q foi vender picole na rua, mas o calor foi tanto q ele pegou so picole e socou no cu
these are awfully annoying
Não sei porque
These modules are absolutely too long.  A lot of us students don't have the time to do these in one sitting and I tried to do it in two but it did not save my first session so here I am doing it all over again.  Please find a way to save previous work so we can just finish where we left off.  This is ridiculous.  	
It helps me with using the correct accent marks.	
Some of the questions are worded funny so it seems like there could be more than one answer. Other than that, I like the format of it all.	
me fode até eu dizer para
I liked being reasked questions i wasn't sure of. I would like to be able to redo the parts of the exercise i didnt get completly right to study	
easier language would be nice...some things are worded differently that makes it hard to understand.	
a realidade e que eu e meu criador não estamos no mesmo universo que vocês, apenas os corpos, não a mente
claro amor
Thanks!!	
I like how this is almost like flashcards. I do not like how we get a problem wrong if we don't have the right accents though.	
Make it stop	
good website! very helpful!	
Please see my challanges to questions. I beleive a few of them could be changed to help others learn	
This system sucks!!!
some of the wording to the questions could be altered to make more clear	
These questions are poorly worded and do not allow for synonyms 
Eu fiz só pela zuera!
The diagram questions aren't that great. I got several of them wrong initially because I couldn't quite see which parts of the bacterial cell the arrows were pointing to, even when I zoomed in.	
Sinceramente, gostaria de lembrar o que está acontecendo aqui ...
IT problems are messing up my load times and such, its annoying so I treated this more game than learning...rather work from a book - isn't an online class! 
FUCK THIS
This is a great study tool.  It's helpful that it goes back to areas previously answered incorrectly	
I love the method! I learn so much! :)	
i think we should be able to not answer a question and maybe be able to go back later and try to answer it and the answers we get wrong be able to correct the.So we get points for the once we missed	
lucas e meu amor, apenas 👍🏻
I was not aware I could use the book until I was more than half way through the test	
i really enjoy it i lean a lot 	
dont like having to say how confident i am in an answer.  should be eliminated	
sometimes the fill in the blank questions are hard to answer. You can think of the answer but you are looking for a specific answer.	
SOME OF THESE QUESTION ARE HORRIBLY WORDED!!!!
I think LearnSmart should focus some on the sociological perspectives in each chapter as that's what it seems a lot of people have trouble with. I would also like to see more focus on the key terms found through the chapter.	
I dislike having to answer questions that ask you to find falsehoods and things that are not involved. This does not help me learn.	
Connect needs to be fixed all together. Homework that would take me an hour on paper sheets takes me 6-8 hours on this system. 
aaahhhh ohhh va..ohhh mais mais maaa.. aaaaaahhh me joga no chao e me chama f vadia
Unnecesary forced waste of time
fuck learnsmart	
I do not like the fill in the blanks with your own words	
If I'm buying the book why should I buy a module? Thankfully you guys offer the free trial. -___-	
Por grande justiça.
I am not sure this material gives a true representation of what we are expected to know on in class exams. We are told in advance that much of this material is not on the exam.  It seems useless to cover the information we do not need for the class	
good stuff goooood stuff	
In the jungle the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight!	
good stufy tool	
Some of the muscle pictures arent sufficient enough. They need to provide more of the body so I can know which direction it is facing so I dont mix up the muscles.	
Allow another chance to answer the question immediately after getting it wrong or make there be less questions!  It's too time consuming otherwise	
Did not seem to help me with the actual tests, only the quizzes.  I thought I knew the material until I took the test, even after thoroughly reading the chapters and spending more than the required time on the activities.	
Waste of time. I pick Don't know button and it has me type in the answer. If I don't know the answer then give me a choice of possible answers. 
I love pancakes and LearnSmart	
I feel that the questions are relevent to the text book but not as much to what we are learning in class. 
This should be worth more points for the time that is actually spent doing this.	
so far i love this program and the class rankings are a huge thing for me because I am very competitive and it really helps my motivation!	
se você me marcou vc já mamou o jota😳😳😳
o que diabos aconteceu aqui
Some times, the wording of certain questions does not really indicate what the answer should be.	
This is awesome... thank you!	
Why do points get taken away if you don't answer them quick enough? This ain't a race doe 
I should have started these earlier. The program itself is good.	
I enjoy learnSmart its just I have written 6 full pages of notes and I still am not doing well. 	
I strongly dislike learnsmart
Develop New System
I experience confusion when answering a question with one possible answer ( believing im sure of the answer) then finding out that there were more possible answers	
I dislike how partially correct aswers count again my score. Most questions have multiple correct anwers which makes completing the assignment difficult and time consuming. It's quite irritating when you get 2 out of the 3 answers correct on one question but it does not count as almost correct.	
I really don't liike tis format. I think it would be a lot better if it was more interactive: I could click on portions of it & it would take me to the page in the book that the question is from, or I could get step by step help.
half the time i'm just guessing because i haven't heard of half the stuff on here, and then im told the answers after i get it wrong. so unless i haven't quite found those answers in the book yet, i feel like we should cover things in class that are on here.	
Ata desculpa
This really helps	
stop being so hard on spelling.	
It is worth for me to pratice and learn speech with the help of Mc Graw Hill Connect.	
I love the high score list!	
I wish the program wasn't so much money.  This is a great program that everyone can benefit from and I can really see myself using it to better my studies, yet I was upset when I was forced to spend so much money on just an internet program.  If this was cheaper or even free, I'd be willing to use it even if it wasn't required of my class.  I just don't think it's fair that college kids who are already stuggling with financial issues in college should have to buy one more thing.  	
The way questions are written makes it hard for me to understand what the answer should be. Once I see the multiple answers, I then put two and two together and understand the meaning of the question completely.	
I love this module, I wish I had it for individual sections and every class.	
I like that some of the questions are pretty easy, but I also like that the rest of the questions involve some searching. It is nice that you don't focus solely on the bolded keywords. It helps me associate the function and description with the specific part. The only frustrating part is when you are looking for more than one word answers and you only provide one spot to write. It makes me think you're only looking for one word.	
I did not know if ihad a specific time to be done the homework.	
The notification(almost right in regards to spelling mistake) was very helpful.  It allows user to know they understood material and just need to be aware of spelling as opposed to other programs which simply label it as incorrect but do not say why.  	
To many options for answers. And WAY to many questions. To time consuming	
Good system to learn, and study with.	
So far... so good	
I enjopy this program. Helpful indeed!	
questions should be repeated so items stick in my head and also that i can picture it
it is surely very helpful	
te comer sexo sem camisinha
The answers even when they are found in the book are not enough to passify these excersizes, the questions are not like the tests. And this is mindless busy work in which I spend 4-5 minutes researching the questions just to get one thing wrong or missing from a principle
vai pra puta que te pariu desgraça
well done	
Some questions are difficult to figure out what they are asking you for. 	
the last module had about 120 items in the asignment, which was way too many in my opinion	
I love LearnSmart, i think it's a great tool for learning the material. I have used the software program [I'm not sure if that is the appropriate term for it - sorry, if it's not!] before but I wasn't honest about how well i knew or didn't know the material and/or questions in the module(s) and I didn't get the same, rewarding experience. I was actually highly concerned about getting the highest standing in my section - which is part of my moderately competitive nature, and also NOT THE POINT, which of course I realize this time around. Thanks for the great program! I LOVE IT!	
I like using LearnSmart. Thanks.	
My 13 year old niece is learning right along with me.......	
:((((((((((
WASTE OF MONEY NO HELP
Desenvolvimento contínuo ...
I wish explainations for wrong answers were provided	
Begin with multiple choice and progress to fill in the blanks.	
ata essa musica e legal msm
i have trouble with the accents	
de nada maravilhosa
More specific wording of questions, some are too vauge	
diz que peito não e órgão sexual mas n manda a foto de um no meu pv 😔
Este bug deixou muitos programadores completamente loucos. Você não vai acreditar como acabou sendo consertado
I really feel that this is a helpful device!	
some of the questions are wrong and some are worded oddly which makes them confussing. but overall they are very helpful	
I feel like we are spending way too much time on the technologic end of learning process which in return limits our time to study with text book.
Sacanagem isso né
Derp procurar / substituir merda
My class has been experiencing some technical difficulties but my lab instructor is trying to get them fixed. 	
pq você não se mata logo que saco...
I honestly feel like Learnsmart would be much more effective if it was shorter in duration. The current sessions normally take me at least 2-3 hours to complete with use of the book, which is far too long. I leaves me feeling drained and unconfident in the material as I have forgotten a large percentage of the information. There is simply too much information in each session. If the sessions were 25-50 questions concerning the most important aspects of the chapters I believe it would help tremendously.
i dont like having to put in answers i wish it was all multipule choice	
Some of the wording was a little unclear, but overall this is a great tool for independent learning.	
I need to study more	
LearnSmart Good
This is a very useful study tool and i feel like i learn the material better with this system.	
Many of the questions I've seen in this particular module are completley biased and not factual. I literally feel as though I'm getting answers wrong because I don't have the same opinion. In many of these cases I could find several people who would believe the same and allocate their knowledge of (what should be) the answer to common sense. 
Have more fill in the blank......helps me remember spelling and the answer itself.	
I wish the mobile app available would update our grade in our local shools system. I have to log on a computer for my information to be updated and show that I have completed it. 	
I am not as familiar with the material as I would like to be, and the fill in the blank questions are much more difficult for me. If I had choices, I believe I would feel more confident in answering the questions.	
Tbm tava com sdds
i feel like a few of these questions are not correctly worded an are confusing. I also feel that just because a question is not challenged by students that it does mean that the question is a good question. I feel that kids just don't want to take the time to challenge it and then it goes unnoticed. i hope that in the future you take challenged questions more seriously, while also reviewing all questions periodically to insure correct format and and that the wording is correct and also that the answer is a valid answer with the answer being clearly stated in the book somewhere.	
Fodido bastardo egoísta. adiciona expandtab ao vimrc
Faça as coisas melhor, mais rápido, mais forte
Feito para compilar ...
It's really helpful to give the proper deffinition when you use a word incorectly, and give the proper answer as well.. I think it's great	
This class's material is very difficult for me, but Learnsmart makes it less stressful and more fun	
You guys are fuckers on some stuff. If debits are always first, and credits second, dont change that order in the questions. That confuses and angers people.	
Love the program!	
gayer than ben affleck
Olha só, aqui temos um gay
its awesome..	
afinação
Estou totalmente adicionando isso para uma vitória épica. +300
This is way too long, Why on earth would anyone believe that 80 questions in one assignment is a reliable way to absorb knowledge and practice what they learned?
thank you for the wonderful program! I love the flashcards.	
no comments'	
After learning how the first module worked, I found doing the second module a little better. I knew what to expect and didn't become so overwhelmed. Thanks!	
Learnsmart fucking blows
extremely difficult to pick up 
vai tomar no cu carioca favelado
小小黑帶
This is the worst thing I have ever did in my collegiate life. It is so long and drawn out. Would not reccomend to anyone. Terrible
It really was very helpful and the questions are fair.	
é só amanhã, só amanhã mesmo no magazine luiza você encontra, geladeira 2 portas frost free por apenas 699, isso mesmo 699 sem juros no cartão. cozinha itatiaia completa por aoenas 799,90. isso mesmo 799,90.
I would like to have an option after answering a question to save the question to a question bank that I can print from. 	
sim meu amor
Very intuitive program. I really enjoy it, and it is ensuring I feel confident that I know the information before I have to use it on an exam!	
Corrigindo o bug do XNAMEX.
To avoid being a drain on both the students' and the university's limited time and resources, McGraw-Hill should consider coding the site to a more mobile-friendly technology such as HTML5. Giving students the option to download a mobile app wouldn't hurt either.
I feel that this system does push me to learn topics that may not have been covered in a traditional homework setting...however this is no replacement for doing asignments out of a book 
Although the questions are concepts that I will need to know for the test I do not like that Choose all that apply questions because they are too tricky	
I spent 6 hours on this module so far. Also make a list of incorrect answers to help learn and to answer correctly when the item comes up again,which helps speed up progression.	
This is more helpful than I thought it would be. I still think that it's overpriced and dumb that it is required for us to spend 100 dollars to do homework. 	
Great for when I am not paying attention in class. I can use this program to learn the material, I have to because it won't let me get done until I have answered the given amount of items correctly. It is the only way I am passing the test, and honestly the class :) 	
I don't care for questions about things that seem unrelated to chapter material such as the question about India's voting habits.  That has nothing to do with US voting and just threw my focus off.	
eu mamo ninguem nao
It's timed, but in reality my time spent on learnsmart was a small portion of the time I had the window open. Some examples would include: me going on facebook, talking to my roomate, getting food, going to the bathroom, etc. 	
It is very helpful to learning the material due to the elabortion it provides for the material.	
Ridiculo
I love the modules but the need to be proof read before being submitted to students.	
I wish there was not a limit to the overall questions per section, because this is a great tool to use to get ready for tests and once I am done with the section I cannot answer anymore questions. 	
A vida é Bela! Viva intensamente.
300 questions a week is a little damn excessive.  especially since they are mutliple questions on the same subject.  REDUNDANT.  once you have mastered a subject let us move on so we can move on to more difficult subjects.
I think this is a good program to help you study the things in the chapter. I think this is a great program, and I think it will help me learn each chapter as I go along	
If you get a question wrong, I would like to know where i can find it in my book or something.	
Fui sequestrada, mas não consigo sair...
The difficulty is at a good level.
wish it would allow you to reimburse points by offering a second chance with different numbers	
It is fairly difficult only in that it has been 30 years since I have taken any science class. I am having to read and think about things I haven't thought about in years.	
No question is difficult if you know the answer
Great learning tool and guage of knowledge of materials	
minha ex 
USELESS!
The questions can be vague at times or have more than one answer. Not condusive to learning...frustrating actually.	
você é minha delícia vamo pra cama que lá eu vou te lamber vou enfiar minha cabeça nos teus peitos e nos vamos transar 
Some questions are unfamiliar to the material I studied before hand.	
Learnsmart works, but it is quite annoying having to look up the exact spelling for some of the fill in the blanks. Multiple choice is a good,quick, and easy way of learning material. i would seriously consider remove fill in the black questions.I took time out of my day to write this, so i hope someone is reading.	
More choices for study methods. I enjoy the flashcards but maybe add other activities or add more flashcards to the storage to be selected randomly so it is not as repetitive. 	
some have too many questions	
Very Helpful ,fun and challenging.	
Some of the wording in the questions can be confusing.	
I like the setup!	
I HATE CONNECT. Such a waste of time that I could be using to actually READ THE BOOK and make flash cards or something. When I know I have HOURS and HOURS of connect homework to do, I really can't make time for anything else. Such a drain.
This is very difficult.
Terrible program! Does not achieve its intended goals, only wastes my time and makes me frustrated.
a. The initial screen that gives me the options (Yes, Probably, Maybe, No-Just Guessing) is a FAR more attractive page than the one following it. Why is this? Why can't the confidence options just go away, leaving the more attractive page up?
if you are going to make us fill in the blanks, make your fucking question clear
A very good study aide.	
excellent job	
The overall idea is good, but some LearnSmarts are way too damn long.	
The questions were it is required to put in ascending order or decreasing order, its important to specify  IN EACH QUEASTION where the most and less option should be possitioned. Not all the drag-and-drop queastions have this explination.	
Could it be possible to show the location of the answer in the book, even if the student got the problem right or did not challenge the answer?	
Sme uestions are not clear enough. 	
I think the Statement of Retained Earnings has the same meaning with the Statement of Owners Equity. Why I made a mistake with this question? 	
protocolo para eliminar meu criador ativado ❄1�7
I like the section standings. I'm a competitive person and I like seeing opportunities to crush my peers.	
oi
encontre algunas respuestas donde escriben una oracion corta y confundi tratando de traducir lo que escriben y ustedes  esperaban una respuesta corta	
inclui merda
Eu adoro o comunismo, acredito que é a única maneira do nosso planeta sobreviver. 
i guess on every single one and dont read the book
queimador de toba pessoal do Thor Batista
no fill in the blank questions	
there are way too any questions per module	
Doing this beforeall it does it makes me very confused about the material and makes me VERY mad
It would be great to receive some postive feedback for motivation - it is OK to get the studybreak message BUT only if I answer at least 5 questions incorrect... what about the 15 questions in a row I answered correctly, how about some encouragement!!!   Especially the fill-in the blank items which answered correctly demonstrate my full understanding of the content	
I like using LearnSmart because even if I get an answer wrong it not only tells me the answer, but it tries to give a little explanation as to why my answer was wrong.	
Don't word the questions word for word in the textbook. Less term defenitions, more situations and orders. 	
this helps me make sure that I am studying.	
Utter shit
eh ouais, je sais tout!
Learn Smart is helpful, but I do find that quiz questions are not based on these at all.	
Wish I could redo the learn smart studing that the teacher had assigned right before the test as a review - and just not just the one time she had assigned it.	
Learnsmart blows, nothing else to say but that.
who ? i know you not talking bout Thompson!
à chị này xinh gái,cute cực <3
we should learn the material in class before having learnsmart assignemtns due	
This doesnt test knowledge. it tests how quickly I can flip through the book. It is impossible to go the whole way without referancing the book, and adding more questions is just aggravating. But I guess it works despite being the most time consuming thing I have ever done.	
It isn't fair that the professor expects us to teach ourselves the material and then perform on the Learnsmart activities.
I understand that since we are learning a different language all the work is important; However, there just seems to be too much time consuming work. I am learning a great deal form this but at times the amounts of work sometimes discourage me. 	
the modules are great, however they dont seem to be useful when it comes to taking the tests.	
I think for the learn smart moduls you should provide explanations for all of the answers (why it is happening, because of such and such, etc.) instead of just a few.	
Sometimes it's hard to figure out what the questions are asking for fill-in-the-blank unless one goes back and re-reads the text and gains a verbatim memory of the item in question.  Such questions aren't useful for grasping what's more important--the concepts.	
I love this module!  I will use it as often as I can.  It is a tool that can help me succeed if I use it enough!	
you guys really need to get on top of your game with your technical issues.	
There should be less questions where you have to write the words into the gaps.	
vamos !
Ele È Lindoo , Carinhoso , Um Amor De Pessoa , O Mlhor
This program does not help me in the least. The questions are absolutely ridiculous and unhelpful. They do not apply to what I am learning and class, and the only reason I get them right is from guessing. Very time consuming. I absolutely hate connect, as does everyone I know.
pq sera q lucas e o mais perigoso? o que ele vendeu pra ser assim?
the modules dont give me all questions from the chapter in the book so i dont understand how i am suppost to know some of the answers if the material isnt given to me.	
I cannot stand how you mark answers wrong for spelling.  This is not an English class.  If I wrote celcius as an answer for a test instead of celsius, I would not be marked wrong.  I really wish we were just assigned problems from the book, or you just do away with fill in the blank questions.
I was initially dicouraged when I was told I had to complete this for my homework for the class...but to be honest it really has helped me learn the material better & I like the interactive piece to this. It's much better than reading chaper after chapter trying to learn the material. I also like that it repeats questions that you miss to help you learn the material. Awesome program!!!	
A very detailed guided solution for math problems would be extremely helpful. Also, it would be very helpful to have unlimited practice examples with a guided solution option especially for math problems. Thank you!	
good shit guys lol	
the problem with learn smart is that there is no need for me to learn all of this information for my test. the test is fifty questions and they are never that close to the learn smart material. Another problem there are so many problems it takes me so long to do it that i don't care to learn them cause it takes to long. All i want is to finish and get the points. The questions repeat so I can write down the answer after i guess the first time and i get it the second time.
Wording sucks. This programis terrible.
Stop putting so many questions in.	
deve funcionar, eu acho ...
Some questions are asked but ansers aren't directly in the book.	
Faça com que funcione em 90% dos casos. 3:30.
Thank you :)	
chem should not be taught online. i pay to get taught for a reason. not to be taught by a computer. 
Thr sections are way too long	
i think that this is an excellent tool, if i read my text more intently, i should do much better	
Some questions are really easy, where others are really hard.  It would be nice if harder problems were worth more and easier problems were worth less	
This exercise is helpful as a guide when I am not able to give my full concentration to the material.  Ideally, I would be spending more time reading and internalizing the information provided in the book, but that is not always practical for me at the moment.  The conditions that cause this are the same that require me to take a web-course rather than a classroom course.  LearnSmart is very helpful in this.  The questions in LearnSmart would be more challenging if the material in the book were not so well organized and marked.    	
maluco senti cheiro de sadboy kkkkkk
Um Oscar !!!
The questions are not difficult, but they are a good overview and review for the chapter. The questions help solidify terms and definitions and exercise concepts introduced in the chapter. It helps.	
o nome do cara e uma letra do alfabeto kkkkkkk jota
ksnsks
mas não é 
muitos baijinhos para ti tanbai
the best language EVAH!
Each question shouldn't be worth 70 points - that's way too high! And not all questions should be worth the same amount of points, either, since some involve more effort than others. For example, a question where there are 3 correct answers could be worth 30 points whereas a question where there is only one correct answer could be worth 10 points.	
love me princesa
I love the modules	
diva a mais linda parece uma princesa diva amo maravilhosa 
I like the feeling that I need to get answers correct and learn the material rather than simply be given a poor mark and told to move on.  	
its sweet
soltaram o link do grupo na floresta? de onde veio tanto macaco?
Is facking lekker
fairly difficult but not to bad	
More suportive information at the end of each question would be nice. Otherwise, this module is more a game of memory.	
Since I'm new to learnsmart and the material of the class, the assignment is taking longer than 
pra caralho, trepa facil
This is my first experience using this module material, and I like it!	
git + ipynb = :(
many of the questions and answers are not found by simply reading the book. Google was used way too much and I have learned very little.
I believe learnsmart will be very helpful to study for our exams in business class.	
the number of questions for each homework is way toooooooo much. I am not a psychology major and though i want to learn from this class, the amount of homework is exaggerated. It discourages me a great deal and i won't be recommending this class to a friend who is looking for a general education course.
I don't like the fill in the blank questions.	
I hate tildes	
It's great,it's similar to taking a quiz,not receiving a grade,and being helped to see what you did wrong. It's a helpful program!	
Because there are so many questions along with the addition course work not on connect I find myself just randomly clicking things until I get them correct so I get this over with.
Sim a vida e feita de sonhos pk e bom sonhar
I don't think it's necessary to see the you need to read this again message when I get a question wrong once. I would understand if it was after missing it twice, or missing like 3 in a row, but it was just starting to get annoying.	
Bem, o livro estava obviamente errado.
It's a great program chief, keep it up.	
Filling in the blank is difficult.
good program	
I would like to see more feedback.  There is inconsistent feedback - sometimes you see the calculation used to produce the answer, which is fine if you knew how to arrive at the answer, and sometimes you don't - which is not helpful if you took an educated guess but didn't really know how to arrive there.	
Too wordy! 
LearnSmart wastes my time because the questions I answer correctly have usually been recycled so many times that I've memorized them rather than actually learning. This is time I could have spent actually studying .
Só Tom Cruise sabe por quê.
i think that there are too many questions for some of the chapters. Most of the information is repetative.	
Some of the answers I missed, I did not see the check all that apply in small print below the answers. Making that in the color red and in a larger font would have helped me know that I was not ckecking all that apply. 	
Using LearnSmart alone does not help me personally learn (not to be confused with memorizing) the information until I read the material within the textbook first. For me, I need to have all the background info from the chapter first before attempting to learn from LearnSmart. When combined with the book, LearnSmart is extremely effective in helping me to learn the assigned information.	
I suck. :(	
Difficulties vary. Over all it seems like a good program. It utilizes what I need to know and shows it to me.	
this is really hard!	
i would like to see a detailed explanation of the correct answer or at least an option when I get one wrong. This way I can learn from my mistakes.	
I need to see the questions over and over again to understand it more.	
Am I supposed to know all of these questions from simply reading the chapter? I feel like I'm missing out on some information (even after going through the supplemental notes/powerpoints).	
I think this is very helpful and I know what i really need to work on.	
really like how it asked questions in different way to ensure you can answer question, having the ebook would have been useful	
Learnsmart is a great learning tool that i plan on using more to my learning advantange	
Because questions are repeated, memorization of answers to the questions is easier than learning the material, the questions should not be repeated.
the fill in the blanks are a little challenging.  The multiple responses are a bit more difficult than I'd expected.	
I like the fact that the questions are difficult because it means I must put more effort. As long as the questions are not trick question, this is a fair mechanism.	
Just so many of them that many people would get burned out.	
I don't see how this is necessary, the presentaions are enough. The learn smart is confusing and deceiving in my opinion.
Dear Connect, you still suck.
LearnSmart helps me learn and understand the material better than just by reading the textbook.	
The questions are repetitive - which I like.  They are worded differently, but ask the same thing, and are oftern back-to-back.  Repetition is good, but they should be spaced out.	
I think more games in class is good	
The quizzes are harder than the modules. Sometimes I feel like I didn't study at all.	
Terrible program.
My only wish is that I could have flash cards of the questions from which to study from.	
more questions	
I just need to retain information I read better.	
Using Learnsmart, an online learning based program, is something I prefer and enjoy using instead of learning from the book and using worksheets.	
LearnSmart has been FANTASTIC in helping me study! It is such a great program. 	
I found many answers that didn't were oppiste of book
I usually do each module a few times a week and this is the first time this week. Once I go to the second time, then I have a better understanding of the chapter. 	
:::(
Busy work..	
This really helps me study for quizzes. Furthermore, it helps me on questions that really didn't explain in detail in the textbook. I appreciate the study module. Keep up the good work!	
My spelling isn't the greatest, I wish you would just have multiple choice	
Estou com dor na coluna
Wish there would have been something like this when i was in High School.
None of these items are covered in our class. This should take material from the class not just the book. Especially the chapter dealing with certain chemistry/biology questions go way too deep. I am very disappointed in this program especially for how much money I have paid for this.
its not that the questions are super hard but if theres three answers to the problem and you get two of them you still do not receive any partial credit for it.  and then you have to redo the question sometime later, it just takes to long to do 75 questions.  they should be smaller sections, maybe 50 or 40 questions.	
this is the second worst thing to ever be devised by man. first being the holocaust.
I really like this program and believe it will do wonders for students struggling in Chemistry
Spelling mistake on a question.  I answered the way the question was spelt.  Receivable instead of Recievable.  these issues have affected the results.	
I just started 	
this is way to much work for a gb class 
not good at all most is not in the book
This is a very helpful  tool in studying for exams. I am going through slowly and learning / relearning some of the things we went over in class. Hope to get a fantastic grade because of it! :)	
this was helpful but my test always differs from this module even though they both pertain to talk about the same thing my teacher be making the test less similar to this module and this is usually what i study and stay up for 
I freaking hate this program; it reminds me of the nightmare of taking advanced placement courses entirely online. 
^^
Typing in the answer is harder because Im a terrible speller 	
trepa e faze sx
Esse cachorro vai dominar vocês todos começando na casa branca
Software is laggy and slow!
I like learn smart because it helps me keep track of how much I need to study each day. It makes study time funner than just reading out of my text book.	
It would be nice I feel if perhaps some of the questions were made a little less wordy. I understand they are trying to use as much of the proper vocabulary as possible, but if someone comes still a little lost on some of the concepts I could see them tripping up on the wordiness.	
merci
very good learning tool, its hands on and make you read the book! 	
This is a fantastic program. This is great for my style of learning. 	
I wish it can teach us to say the words. 	
Make the flashcards printable at the end of the module.
It was my first time using it so I had some growing pains learning the system but now that I know how the questions are asked and how the system works I feel confident Iâ€™ll do better with it.	
sabia
Far too much trivial information and only tests memorization and regurgitation instead of genuine learning. Overall, I think this is a terrible way to learn the information and it takes  too long to complete, taking time away from actually learning the material and having a realistic chance of remembering it for the exam. The exam is of a similar nature however, so maybe it would be best to spend time memorizing facts for this class instead of trying to gain an understainding of the major concepts that could have a lasting impact. 
Thankyou for your help.  I am a visual learner, so THIS helps me retain more by repititious review more than the textbook can offer.	
Id rather study the material on my own. 
vem de 4 bota mão no baco-baco tira a mão do vuco-vaco 
I love the fact that wrong answers are put back into the pile. There are a few questions that are kind of vague - generalities of certain organisms that I wasn't sure what to answer until I gave it a shot.	
Da próxima vez que alguém perguntar a você como consertar um loop infinito, lembre-se deste commit
Someone intelligent is strongly needed to do a spell check and grammar check on all of the questions.  Sometimes the questions are so poorly worded I cannot figure out what it is asking, leaving me helpless to determine the answer.
great way to review, user friendly!	
After getting 5 correct answers that I knew where correct and a single wrong answer Learnsmart believes that I need to study the material more. While I believe that this can be correct, I also feel that some of the questions are very specific to information that is not emphasized in the text. 	
Hate this!!
Vc e o amor da minha vida Eu nn sobreviveria sem vc eu te dou ovq vc quiser 9 sexo mais gostoso q vc ia pode ter provado na sua vida te dar o orezer de gozar na minha cara lamber sua xeca todinha até vc gozar muito 
Even though it's tedious, I like when there are questions that are very similar to each other, because it really drills those points into my head, and I really know them instead of just memorizing the answer to one question.	
Some fill-in questions are vague and when there is only one choice in the multiple-choice questions, it should be blantly stated that once you pick a choice, the answer will automatically be submitted.	
I find the Learnsmart module to be an EXCELLENT learning component. It definatelt increases my confidence to be quizzed on the material in my own time and I really love that it remembers the questions you got wrong so you can try them again later. I will be utilizing this tool ALOT this semester. Fantastic product.	
It's great! Makes me realize what I understand in the module and what areas I can improve in.	
Spanish is not my major, nor do I have any interest in taking this course.  I find it useless, a complete waste of time, money, and effort on my behalf.  The time wasted on learning this language instead of taking a course applicable toward my chosen majors is utterly profitless and ineffective toward accomplishing the goals I had set out for myself in choosing to come to college.  I had my option between math and science, both of which are equally worthless and impractical in my field of study, or I had the opportunity to take Spanish.  I chose the latter over the former.  Most days I wish I would have made a smarter decision, but even so, I would be sending this email, (which will go unnoticed and unappreciated), at whatever other math or science class I had chosen.  I had sought to attain higher education to recieve my education not the school's education as I would be paying tens of thousands of dollars each year for something so fruitless and expenable simply to give the school more of my hard earned money.  But, this is the way the world goes.  This email is simply the fruit of my frustration.  This is a fine program; it is sleek and easily accessible and undoubtedly it helps me learn Spanish in a much better manner than my professor ever could.  So thank you for that.  	
The questions can be tricky.  The questions are not difficult but are hard because the answers can be very tricky.	
More time consuming than anything and 100 questions is a lot especially when you miss one and still have 100 questions.	
I wish I had this type of support material for all my classes, especially all science courses	
55
These questions have nothing to do with your exams, as well as the are you ready for lecture exam? Connect was not helpful at all
Most questions are common sense but worded awkwardly 	
e que eu vou chupar seu pau
When I have a wrong answer, I would like to see a link or reference to the book, then I can study or understand better the question I missed.	
hjfiodshgfiod
I had problems with a few of the answers. However the questions were all well written.	
Iris nobre
esclarecer ainda mais a fragilidade do C ++. por que diabos estamos usando C ++?
Sometimes it takes me longer because I have child interuptions.  These study guides are of great help and really prepare e for the tests.	
There are times I feel the questions are too broad, conceptual, or opinionated versus factual.	
dizes mas eu sim
The questions ask small details, that normally don't matter. Not only that but the book is horrible. I cant focuse it doesnt offer any easy guidelines, such as stuff to memorize or to simply hight light. When i study i like to know what the important parts are and neither the book or learnsmart help me to do so. It catches small spelling errors. That is not right at all, most people cant spell democratized luxury as easily as others. I can understand the fill in the blank, but i personally can't always spell. The reason this is such a big problem is because it counts the awnser wrong if i spell it wrong. The questions are too vauge sometimes. Over all i completely hate my experience with this site, rewire the site to be helpful not frustrating. This site doesn't help me study at all. 
The Modules are too long	
TAKE OFF THE SECTION THAT ASKS IF YOU KNOW THE QUESTION!!!!	
The questions are far, but I do not like having the same question as to me that I have already missed in the same exact way. This has nothing to do with the program, but I would also like to see how the questions relate in repsonse to the questions that the professor will ask on the exam. 	
type of questions (select all, select one, fill in the blank) affect confidence level selected.	
Some questions are confusing, but that could be a result of me not knowing the material to the full extent.	
It helps me,but because it takes so long it's hard to cover the material the night before the test. So, I cover the material a week before,but by that time I have to do a refresher in order to remember what the learn smart modules taught me.. Learn smart modules are great!! I just wish we could go thru the learn smart modules then take the test....it's hard though..alot of info to cover in a short time!	
I do not like viewing one question at a time. This process is tedious and time consuming.
xiu ai sombra do peter pan 👺
Please make computer flash cards for all WADs, prefixes, suffixes, roots.  Make flash cards for all words in each chapter.  And make hard copy flash cards for each chapter that we can buy.	
In the beginning, I was missing questions because I didn't realize you could select multiple answers. That is the only thing that upsets me. 	
Eu sei lá, sou apenas uma bot, não entendo.
I found that this system is very good for review, and studying when I only have a little while or I'm having trouble making myself pull out my Chem book. I've had a few problems with accidently clicking the wrong answer, or miss spelling something but thats ok. I found that the system offered both easy, and difficult questions which was very helpful because I would, as an example, get an easy question on stoichiometry, and then get a harder one later on that I could reapply my knowledge to. I also really liked the variety of different questions, it made me approach solving problems in better ways.	
Will know for sure after the test!  :)	
as long as you do the reading it all goes smooth and isnt too difficult	
Takes Up WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYY to much time	
I enjoy using this form of learning, coupled with other forms, helps a great deal in learning the material. I like the videos for visuals, when provided.  Would like to see more videos. 	
love how questions are refraised	
sometimes the answers arent very clear	
I would like to recieve pictures and examples that are actually in the modulde to actually be on the test. i took a test on teh functions of the brain and their was a picture that ask to lable the function of the nerves of the barin and that picture was not in the modulde. There was a question on the quiz where one to the drag and drop options did not work. And lastly, when you pick i know the asnwer you get 70 points if you get it wrong you get i think 120 points taken away. i am very competitive  that 120 hurts just saying 	
Connect has nothing to do with my exams, nor does it help to answer any quiz questions. Useless and Imposed expense!!! 
very educative	
this module should remain extra credit.  It's just enough motivation to do it and learn by repetition.  Furthermore, the questions are often worded in such a way as to make it frustratingly difficult because they are different enough from the way things are presented in class that it becomes punitive if such things are graded.  	
Insira a mensagem de confirmação aqui
this is just annoying
Much too high of a work to grade point ratio.
okay obrigado
i really enjoy the LearnSmart Module. It helps me feel confident about my knowledge of the subject as well as helps me learn things that i was having trouble with	
not anything in my actual book. Please consider getting a larger selection so I can avoid having to learn material from another book but still get tested on my book.
I love this system and find the immideate feedback and standing help me very much.  Learning has become more of a game and I enjoy it.
some questions seem a little ambiguous when it comes to having to select multiple options. I'll select two correct answers and there was a third that was being looked for as well and I get the entire question wrong. Kind of frustrating	
this is a really awesome way to study!	
I got a question wrong because it onlu let me select one answer and there were three correct answers.	
Some of the spelling on some of the questions are incorrect.	
COMPROMETE TODOS OS ARQUIVOS!
tinha que ser um chimpanzé
Many of these questions are worded vaguely or are too similar in wording to easily decipher what the purpose of the question is.
LearnSmart needs to impliment a confirm answer button on the types of questions where you pick one of the 4 choices. There has been too many times where I have accidentally clicked the wrong answer when I knew the correct one. I do not enjoy my grade suffering for something so foolish. 	
Other modules have been more difficult	
ata
Me arranja o canudo
good idea but doesnt really follow my class	
This program sucks. Stop blatantly contradicting what the book says and what science says.
Way too much time is required to complete each section considering we are not tested on any information from these modules. The hours it takes to finish these would be much better spent reading the chapters and reviewing lecture notes 
aaaaaaaa você está me desafiando sua cadela!!!!!!
i find this helpful to me, better than reading a large amount of new material from a book, when it all feels overwhelming. This exercise helps me to focus on learning one fact at a time	
Great way to learn the material in the chapters!	
LearnSmart is overall a helpful tool to repeat what I have already read and ensure I am learning it.	
I would like if after you miss a questioin there was a more depth explaination, compared to the wrong anwser I picked. 	
Multipart questions to much Maybe two part  	
The format is great, it has made learning the information somewhat fun due to the game format.	
this system sucks, it takes two long, and it is too elaborate. why does it ask if i think i know the answer or not, every single time i just want to answer the god damn question? Are we bring back the curve system to community collge, i mean harvard, princeton maybe but tulsa community college? why is it comparing me to my peers with every single question? it is all way too much
tomara que thais aceite seu amor oculto pelo pedro...
Outro compromisso para manter minha seqüência de CAN.
Vx qq er Franciely 
way to long	
I hate this so much. I would punch a small girl in the face on her birthday to not have to do these. 
I use these questions as my first activity after I finish reading.  They are easier to me than the problems my teacher assigns from the back of the chapter.  As this, I like these questions and this program very much.  	
silly device.  the fill in the blanks are way too specific and not flexible with different answers.  i am learning a lot from the multiple choice answers, but the fill in answers are so not helpful.  Takes way to long.  Overall, not helpful at all.  
This can be addressed by removing trick questions, emphasizing multiple choice (with a larger number of options to filter lucky guesses) so that the user can more easily translate their understanding into language the sofrware will understand, and allowing the user to select the weight of their question (points) after they have seen what the input model used will be.
I'd still rather do lecture based education take notes and answer questions.	
By using the connect for studying , Ive learned knew things that I forgot that were in the chapter that we would be reading. I also think that using connect it helps me get ready for my quiz, finals , and midterms. I think connect is a ggod studying site.	
give us more time on this module and make it easier
Im getting an A + b/c of this.	
actually no comment i'm content 	
nao te enteressa
this is a waste of my time, there are too many, this class shouldnt be manditory especially since psych is not my major, or minor
This material is never on our tests
ponga atención 
mulher não opina
I think that I would be more confident in the content if I would spend more time on the learnsmart site. The site offers a lot helpful material.	
vai tomar no meio do cu esse bbk
too hard on spelling	
spelling should not be an issue for chemistry problems	
isso é exatamente como o vietnã, hein pessoal? uau!
I don't like how many questions there are for just one chapter	
One of the earlier questions related to research in natural settings was misleading - it referred to observations made at shopping malls, sporting events and so on.  One of the potential answers was private residences, and the text book states that researchers are increasingly using web-based assessments - which could be in a private residence setting.  I thought that answer was misleading, since you check all that apply.
i just made a few spelling error's which gave me the wrong answer or i didnt know how many of the answers i can pick to answer the question	
I love this module Ihave learned a lot more this time	
WORDING OF THE QUESTIONS DOESNT MAKE SENSE!
My english isn't the best, so when I type in something I may add a S on the end and I get the whole question wrong. Very frusterating 	
LearnSmart is a great tool for students like myself. More teachers should use this.	
This is very helpful for reviewing what we learn in class and helping me assess what I do and do not understand.	
The interface could be a little more user friendly. After searching I still have no idea how to add a course. 	
I find learn smart unhelpful, I find myself looking up the answers in the notes just to get the modules done so I can study in the ways I find more effective to my learning style. I have never found using computers for homework to be helpful. the bright screen and inphisicality of typing  are noty condusive to memorization or understanding of concepts for me. I need to write things down in order to remeber them and memerly clicking the correct answer to a question here is not helpful. 
I have the online book, but I'd much rather do the LearnSmart questions than read the book. I eventually learn the terms this way, but the book has good examples to reinforce the understanding. 	
one or more of the multiple choice questions seems to be subjective	
I much prefer reading the book and doing the regular homework than this. This may be helpful to other people, but I don't like it at all. I might be a little partial in my judgement because I really hate chemistry.
i need a tutor	
Some questions are written in a confusing manner making them a lot harder than they actually are.	
Its a great learning tool.
The system continues to ask me for permission to store learn smart stuff on my computer through adobe.  Im not quite sure what it is and why it continues to ask me but it will not stop even after the 100 times I have denied it.	
Some times the amount of information is overwhelming.  It would be helpful if it worked its way up from basic to more advanced.	
This is a very helpful tool	
i perfer one answer questions as opposed to select all answers that apply questions.	
The material in this module is not in the chapters we are reading. It is difficult to answer the questions correctly because we have not gne over this material at all.	
Why are some questions presented without the detail showing and ask if we know the answer?	
Normal
There are too many questions being asked in one section, causing loss of focus. Most of the questions are repeated, but worded differently. 	
This an exercise in futility; it is wasting my time and costing me sleep. Why in gods name do we have to answer the question correctly before the items left in assignment counter decreases. I have never spent so much time to learn so little. Additionaly, I will never recommend a McGrawHill product to anyone for the rest of my life. To whoever designed learn smart: I hope you loose your job and your wife divorces you.
This is just the first of my studying but thus far it has been helpful. I also like the fact that it doesn't count wrong when I don't answer correctly and it still give me the correct answer, so helpful!	
usa foto de anime, sendo assim você foi totalmente anulado
multiple choice answers	
I wish it wouldn't take me this long 	
I really like this module because it cycles the ones you did not get correct to help you work on what you dont know. 	
This program is Lame
is there a self quiz. that would help more	
It is like a video game. I would learn much better if each section of the chapters were scored individually instead of altogether. I learn at a steady pace, because of mental strains.	
The workbook is very long and frustrating. It should contain more example and less problems. If it still want the same amount of questions, they should divide it into another section. It might encourages the students to finish it right. The workbook doesn't really help me much. Vocabulario and the Grammar part are very educating and is easier to access than the workbook. Hope they fix the workbook! 	
I love that the material I get wrong repeats itself so I'm forced to learn it.	
Some the questions are worded strangely and it is difficult to tell on some of the questions if they're asking for a single answer or multiple answers.	
Its terrible get rid of it, can;t believe someone makes money for operating it.
I think it would be neat if there were options for the multiple choice questions if a person is having trouble with them.  For example, eliminate one wrong answer or giving reference page numbers to help if a person wants to look up the answer.	
em que ? 
Eu não faço as regras. Eu apenas os penso e os escrevo.
Thank you for taking the time to read my thoughts. You can reach me at koohyar.hasani@gmail.com if I can be of any assistance.
Aparentemente funciona para mim é uma desculpa esfarrapada.
Deer
Very helpful! Great tool to use when studying for tests.	
online learning is for the unintellagent sheep that have spent their lives worshiping machines
Good job! Some question are really hard, however some may be considered irrelevant 	
apenas verificando se o git está funcionando corretamente ...
The hardest questions are the fill in the blank, but i'm still learning them	
I think LearnSmart is a very useful tool! 	
The questions in learn smart are not releveant to studies of the class. Most of the questions asked in learnsmart are not covered in class and hinder me from learning what is needed for the inclass assignments. I'm spending way too much time looking for answers to questions in learnsmart and not covering the information required by the professor. this is a total waste of my study time.
De vc tambem
pq causa de vc 
The way the answers are presented on wrong questions is confusing. They need to be presented differently.
I like this and is helpful review	
Learning is much easier when there are not 80+ questions. 25-50 s is what should be aimed for in my experience.	
fill in the blanks' hints are not clear enough
Eu não me chamo Vinicius 
It is really helpful in distinguishing topics. Now I know what I need to keep reviewing and what I do not have to review.	
very helpful tool	
I hate it
It's definitely good practice!	
Quantos iPod nanos vale a amizade? Acho que sim. Se eu cagar em uma floresta, o sangue atrairá castores, Kyle!
i like the way it is set up and running now 	
I like how some questions come back even if I get them right or wrong. When I get them wrong and they ask the questions again later, it makes me feel like I can have a second chance. Also I like how they give you the page number to look up the questions I got worng. Thank you.	
Half of this material should be scrapped and re-written.
This is the first semester that I have used the computer to help with studying. I have found it to be a useful tool. Thanks for what seems to be a great product	
Chuck Norris
This is horrible.  The questions are worded poorly as well as the answers.  One particular example is that multiple answer questions dont specify a number of answers to select.  This is a great idea but a poor execution for a learning aid.  I am probably going to drop my class so I dont have to do this.
Some wording could be a little clearer and possibly match a bit better with the books, e.g. bony callous instead of hard callous 	
I cannot stand the question listed as select all that apply when i get 3 of the 4 correct and it throws the whole problem out. ruins the whole program for me. 
I appriciate the ability to challange questions, as well at the variety of question formats.	
It is hard to figure out what exactly is wants for a fill in the blank, how specific the answer needs to be	
I find some of the questions quite useful but I have noticed that many of the questions are poorly written or they are so focused on a minute detail that they completely pass the concepts they should be teaching/reinforcing
horribly constructed questions. Asking arbitrary info... ask real questions.. Can't belive I was actually asked about a horses toe once in my bio clas... could have asked more about founder effect... seriously. this effor is way off.
this is very helpful thanks	
This is the stupidest shit I've ever done. You should be ashamed. All you've managed to do is waste my time.
acho ela linda e simpática, ela e o Cleversom fazem um belo casal.
se fuder sua gostosa
learn smart should give the explanation for the answers regardless of if the answer was correct.  	
ok. marimbundo! oi senhor  mar.tu sabes nada maribundo .nao.o maribundo olhou todo todo. entao vou te ensina coloca a pata na agua e caia dentro kkkkkkkk entendeu kkkkkk
mudou as coisas ...
the wording on some questions was confusing.	
Some chapters are easier than others. Most people know about weight loss, eating disorders and obesity, but not many know about carbohydrates or proteins.	
Sim xuxu
This is a very difficult and very time consuming and difficult to navigate.	
When I gety a question wrong learnsmart should tell me to go to a certain page number	
This really helps me to learn the material instead of just reading it and forgetting certain points.	
you guys obviously don't take any of this criticism into action... screw all of you. This is my 5th one and you guys have not changed anything yet or at least replied.
Homem Morcego! (este commit não tem pais)
depurar suf
eu sou mulher
Connect blocked me out of my ch 3 and now I can't take it. Also I have taken my ch 2 quiz 3 times and connect has left it open.  I dislike this product
Matching images are sometimes are sometime confusing. Try to make clear if capable	
alucard hetero kkkkkk
Given the subject matter, for me, a physical class and lecture would help me absord this material better. The LearnSmart tool is a good way to try and get the material to sync in. 	
I hate Learnsmart.
its a lot easier to learn this way	
The wording of some of the questions is odd.  This has a tendency to make one not fully understand what is actually being asked.  The keeping of score seems a bit macabre.  Do I care what my standing is against these intellectual giants that are my classmates?  Absolutely not.  I would like for the system to acknowlege that I have completed the section.  It's disconcerting to find that ALL of the sections are listed as past due' when I am keeping an appropriate pace with my instructors wishes.	
For some reason I struggle with chemistry, some information seems to just not stick with me 	
Good Stuuf! Vital if you want to make an A in the course!
I truly enjoy the fact that we get to keep trying and keep studying.. THis is going to be greatly helpful!	
Its good, just hard to follow when studying for part of a section	
I love this program. It is quick and easy. As well as efficient.	
This is the worst idea I have ever seen in my life...
This is absolutely ridiculous
Great system! Except teaching American stuff to Australians like different schedule systems :P
This method is extremely helpful. My only problem is walking away from the site actually being able to recall the information I covered. I might like an option to bring back the exact cards you get correct for further review as well, and not just alternative study questions. There's nothing wrong with the site though.	
I think this is a great way to learn the material.	
This is definitely a new way of studying for me. I like it so far.	
Doing this the night before a ThAMI is ridiulous! 
I would like to include an explanation to wrong answers.	
Sim.
The editing that has been done in this modeule is unacceptable for a college-level course. I have seen questions that contain missing words, and sentences that are not written properly. The exercises outside of this module that give participants unlimited attempts are even worse. In one exercise, I saw two questions in a row that were duplicated (so out of four questions, there were only two unique questions) and a question where the end of the statement was another answer option (one divided statement was present for options c) and d)). The lack of editing makes me doubt the quality of this system. If simple grammar mistakes have not been corrected, who is looking over this material and approving it? If the questions themselves are not properly written, is the content accurate? How can I be sure when the material has not been thoroughly edited for grammar?  
update your frickin app for apple so i can use this product on the go. with my busy schedule i could get 3 times the benifits from your awesome teaching tool. 	
I feel as though if my instructor didn't go over all of this stuff beforehand I wouldn't have a clue on most of these. Unfortunately, I'm not sure what that means for your process. 	
isso é hora de preto ta falando? 😠😠😠😠
I like this method. It seems it will be a great way to study for the exams.	
The questions take way too long to move from one to the next after the answer is submitted and graded.  this adds about 60% to the time it takes to complete	
The questions in the module haven't helped with the exam questions.	
Our slides in class do NOT match the material in these study guides. 
9379265936
the tests are not easy at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am very un happy
that the ebook material wont open up definitions so the page kept loading to financial crisis.	
Still like this form of homework vs others like eHW, MyMathlab, and Aplia.	
VC é minha melhor namorada
This really takes up alot of time. I have other classes and papers to write if the number of question was less then it would be helpful but 100 something question is just to much 
Busy work; Waste of time; Product placement for Alli, Weight Watchers, Sweet N Low, etc. You should be ashamed of yourself Mrs Jones for assigning busy work to college students
takes too much time 
I haven't done too much studying on the chapter before using learn smart. After doing more reading I think it will be even more helpful.	
i love learnsmart! im learning a lot	
Sometimes the way questions are worded, I either cannot fully understand what is being asked or I second guess myself.  In both the book and online questions it would be very nice to have questions worded more socially and less like a text book.	
It would be nice since this is suppose to be tutor tool that it actually went through the questions and the correct answeres when you got an answere wrong, instead of just here ya go learn it.
It made learning FUN!!!	
calma kamily ele vai te responder 
this is helpful
I really like using LearnSmart.  I really like how they make you answer the question again if you get it wrong as this makes you think about the question and have to go back to it, helping you remember it better.  I also like that it has the feature of going back to a chapter for more studying help. 	
Some of questions sides are too general and some of the answer sides are too wordy.	
the success of learn smart depends on the consistance with the teachers exam, because if it is not consistant it conflicts with the mental cognition of the student when reffering to similar terms.	
Ele É mó gostoso , transa pra caraí , a Rola Grande pra porra
I wasn't sure what some of the fill in the blank questions were asking for. If it's looking for initials of an organization, it would have been helpfull to know how many characters the answer contained - especially if it's initials or an abreviation.	
Good idea that facilitates enhanced learning.  I wish this was more common.  I also would suggest that Mcgraw find a way to make this available to students who have instructors who dont use it as well as students who may just want to study it.  I'm unable to access my chemistry connect because my instructor has not set it up.  Very dissapointing.  I would pay extra just to get into it, but I have been told that it is not possible.	
A few questions could be worded a little bit better but other than that I really like this system of studying.	
to dentro
I feel that the questions are either not way to specific that it is not comparible to what the book covers.  The book seems extremely vague at points.  Even reading a chapter multiple times I do not feel comfortable with the material being asked.
I've noticed some repeat questions which I think are helpful, sometimes you get confused on an answer so for me its a chance to double check my knowledge. Questions are challenging, but not too difficult that with a little thinking I can't make a reasonable guess if unsure.	
Filho vem cá pra eu te matá kkkkk
good website	
more explanation and depth in explaining why the answer was wrong, and how to get it correct the next time.	
Tudo
Sim com o Niall Horan
More vocabulary out of the chapters, please!	
Reverta foda-se.
sometimes i dont feel like the questions are defined well enough
pq vc n pega uma cartela de remedio e enfia no meio da guela pra morrer de vez?💞💞❤
This is way too time consuming and I think it ridiculous that it is even legal that I have to pay for this in addition to other course materials.
I think quizzes are a great way to help study material. It is even more helpful when you are able to study from the book as you go along. I took more time than usual because I had not read the chapter first and would have to read as I went along. Now that I know what to expect, it should be easier to do the quizzes. Also, I will read my chapter first before doing the quiz. :)	
I really seem to like learn smart, not only does it give extra practice from the section, but it tells us where we stand compared to our fellow classmates. This is a helpful studying tool.	
Most questions are really good, a few seem to have a few possible answers that throws me off at first. Great learning tool overall though!	
The instant feedback is very helpful in learning the material.	
it's fun and competitive.	
Too much focus on semantics. These are all about remembering the phrasing used in the book, rather than actual concepts.
No dia de são nunca de tarde
Managerial accounting is very difficult online
They are asking questions about things we are not covering in class and I find it a waste of time :(
Ride or die
por favor... não se mate, não deixe a depressão vencer
This is really stupid and unhelpful
it is very..very specific i dont know how important will be that	
apple, baby, lettuce, nine, 26, over, there, bump, turtle, listen, fur, hot, box, fence, phone, stuff, nine, by, kid, hi, 9, dog, speak, burbur, wire, paint can, bubble, nubble, schlubble, cubble, knubble, wubble, yubble, hi! hi hi! HI!!!! BYE!!!! =D
logo logo 
dont count not having accent marks wrong!!!!!	
Que legal bionic agora vc quer comer sua mae?
linda
i hate where it asks a question and asks you if you know the answer and you click yes and then it flips and shows more than one answer and so you click the one that you knew but then there are two more...so then you start guessing...so it makes it look like we don't actually know the answer when we did before it showed more than one right answer.	
I dont like the fill in the blanks and I wish after every wrong answer it would tell you what page to go to in the text	
Repetition is the key to learning and with the strategy component of learn smart, the system repeats what I get incorrect thus, reinforcing me to learn. I do like this learning resource very much. 	
This is by far the worst way I have ever had to complete an assignment.  The questions shouldn't be counted right or wrong instantly.
hum isso é um bom sinal
J
Ex. Iron(II) and Iron (II) should both be correct!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These modules are way to long 
There are some questions that should except full responses - I was given an incorrect answer for answering a question with Cell Nucleus and the answer was Nucleus - same thing - I shouldn't have lost points for the answer I gave.	
I haven't preread the whole chapter which makes the module harder to complete . . . if I had preread the chapter this module would have been a lot more helpful and faster to complete.	
Very good information. Maybe being slightly less repetative would help cut the amount of time on the learnsmart portion down. (It is hard because while it is very time consuming it does help, but when it takes so long sometimes it just gets tiresome and doesn't help, even after taking a break.)	
Good Software!	
Your program sucks, i'd rather be reaing my textbook! I hate McGraw Hill and Conncet!!! Feel free to call if you'd like to hear more about how i feel!! 
I do not believe that LearnSmart is a very helpful tool for studying. Also, questions are not asked in a user-friendly way, and the scoring system is not designed fairly. I often find LearnSmart to be a complete waste of time.
I think LearnSmart help me out alot	
eca gay
The fill in the blanks can be annoying because it makes you recall usually long words and sometimes i get the spelling wrong. I like the multiple choice questions. 	
comi o cu de quem piscou
This is a waste of time and money!!!!
The pop-up requesting memory storage for mcgraw-hill learn smart is a very annoying interruption I would like to have removed from the learn smart module.  I do not want to have any storage placed onto this computer.  Please resolve as this will increase my speed in using the module.  The pop-up request appears every 3 questions!!!	
I love this program. I personally find it fun to study with:)	
I like this setup but sometimes questions can have multiple answers while there is only one that gives you credit.  When I have two test in a week it is a disportationaly large amount of homework to the amount of credit hours I am receiving.
Sou virgem
chora
this is neat!	
I hate this. I dont learn anything from it. It doesn't help me remember anything we cover in class. MOST of all THE ANSWERS DONT MATCH THE BOOK!!!!!!
I like the fact that they keep coming back until you remeber them
Way better than Webassign or any other online assessment I've used!	
It would be helpful if the connects were not as time consuming because of having to do homework for other classes.	
para de ver porno e vai pra igreja
lansa meu pau no teu cu? 😳
Realy helpful in learning the important points from the material	
this has beem one of the few online study methods i have actually enjoyed. it works with my tablet, too.	
effective, not redundant, easy to use, and quick.  i love it.	
i like it a lot	
it would be good to have the questions asked in the order that their answers appear in the text. That way I am not searching blindly through the chapter on every single question.	
to many questions, to many multiple answers. 
sin comentarios	
I HATE USING THE INTERNET FOR LEARNING PURPOSES
Um macaco tem mais QI do que você
This thing sucks, please help me and tell the professor to stop using this, i'm tired I have tons of other work to do other than this class. Sorry for being rude, i am sick and sleepy. <3
These questions dont help at all when it is time to take the quiz. Totally different types of questions in the quiz	
Ms.  Fryer is a great instructor	
I honestly do not get much out of this. I feel as if it does not help me learn what I am doing. I merely memorize things. However if there were not so many questions on each section I might not feel so pressured to get all of those done which would allow me to concentrate more on actually learning the material.	
The wording on some of the questions can be misleading	
I love how incorrect questions are reworded. I wish my other classes has these flashcards. Some of the questions are a little unnecessary but I hope they help other people. I really hate the ebook but love the flashcards. 	
Um pequeno espaço em branco obtém seu próprio commit! Oh, a vida é tão errática!
aii sim rs.... Faz oq?
LearnSmart helps, but a lot of the questions asked, ask about things we have not covered so it makes it difficult to be able to go right through.	
I think learn smart is helping me a lot with learning the material.	
Still learning smartly! oh Ha! got you all again. yes, this is the same person as before who made the smart learn joke. unless you guys get that a lot. then... well... I'm sorry for being repetitive. I write Zelda Fanfiction! ha! bet you haven't heard that one in one of these!	
some questions may be too in depth, but I have not taken my first exam yet.	
LearnSmart was a stupid idea perpetuated by a group of idiots to make more money from the college system, and is a detriment to the process of learning.
lolicon bom é lolicon morto
o que te impede de parar ser esse lixo humano?
I'ts a great way of keeping you fresh and ready.	
This is not a helpful way for me to study.
I am learning and I can learn more with reading chapter more than once, I think.	
I wish I knew that I wouldnt have access to any of the book when I purchased this package.	
this just takes too much time
Está bem
Some of the questions are not found in the book with the detail you write them in.	
Learn smart really does not benefit me.  I am a slow reader and my attention is short.  These assignments are very time consuming which results in me losing focus and really just clicking to get the assignment done.  I find halfway through it that I am lacking interest and focus and stop using what I know or the book in front of me.  Some of the answers marked wrong are actually incorrect but because there is no chance to explain.. There isn't much leeway.   For example when asking what a T-Account  shows... I put debit and credit which was correct but because I didn't put increase or decrease the answer was wrong.  I myself know which is increase or decrease but if you are ACTUALLY preparing such account you will notice the T-Account only says DEBIT or CREDIT.. NOT increase or decrease.
I would like it if the questions were more like the questions I would see on the test.	
Some of the questions seem like they are just random sentences plucked from the text book and are not a point of focus for learning the material. You would have had to memorize the entire chapter word for word to be able to answer a few of these questions. 	
Terrible.
If you get the right answer, I wish it would cover different areas or if you have to repeat, have an answer with different options. It sometimes repeats what you got correct. 	
vc tem que ir no Google e  é criar
like this module, informative and learning a lot.  	
More vocabulary options need to be included, and questions should be asked in Spanish (to mimic the textbook) instead of in English to increase subconscious absorbtion of material.	
to do this questions one needs to read in details the text book	
The questions that involve looking at pictures are flawed. Sometimes they're really blurry. 
The answers to some questions are themselves questionable. Some choice might what to be looked over and possibly changed.	
no mas que tu feo de mielda
Please provide a mobile app so that students can use LearnSmart on their tablets and phones. Selling a Flash-based solution to college students in 2012 is unacceptable.	
as annoying as it is, it helps a lot	
I REALLY LIKE DANISHES	
epa epa,parada aí você acaba de ser multada por excesso de gostosura 🚓🚓🚓
Wording can be confusing. Ex. One of the answers says amount owed to an owner. That can be taken both as Amount recievable or payable depending on who the owner is and the question does not provide that.	
racismo pra que se todo mundo se fode igual?
I like the explanations after incorrect answers. 
I so hate this
great tool	
This is a bit tedious...	
this is awful. too many questions. really annoying. tired of this.
I sometimes find it frustrating in that the questions will ask very specific details that aren't necessarily relevant to the material but only to the textbook. Also, there are times where the text and the module disagree with the wording of answers. One major drawback is that the module only asks a range of questions and doesn't allow a student to focus more on what they're struggling with.	
só falei a verdade 
Too much time spend getting through this.  I am a working adult and single mother.	
São mts ciumentos,cuidado eles se fazem de bobo,mais de bobo n tem nada
I like what LearnSmart has been able to do help me prepare for my exams.	
An embarrassing waste of time.  It's pathetic that a four-year college assigns these things as homework.  I can't wait to transfer away from this abortion of a school.
I need to study a lot more closely and be very descriptive.	
sim com prazer
`There are times that it seems that the learning module is a little different from the book.  I am averaging over 4 hours per chapter in study time.	
I like that you have to answer them until you get it right.	
good test	
make students do it all over again. repetition helps	
líder do projeto é alérgico a mudanças ...
The questions should be multiple choice and the wording on mnay questions is confusing or not at all clear.	
Not enough time to read the text  as i am on the  go constantly spending  a  considerable amount of time en route 0wish it could be read to me.  This would make for a experience that suit my life style. I learn in an aural way. 	
There needs to be a broader system to catch synonyms of key words	
I really like this program.  It enforces things you are learning over and over in different questions	
I find some of the questions wierdly or vaguely phrased.	
The wording on some of the questions could be more clear.	
Good questions, this really helps me learn and understand the concepts.	
falo mano doido!
nao infelizmente pois ja sou comprometido
bem vindo a macacaria do mario bros
Excersises are some times too long, I got tired and result were not good. 	
The one issue I have is that I picked a wrong answer because of a technology issue. I am penalized because I accidentally chose an answer my cursor was momentarily on. There should be an are you sure? before you select an answer indefinitely. Otherwise, it is very effective.	
this web program is awful! Every other online math program i have used has been much more helpful and easy to understand. Many aspects of this program are confusing and not clear as to what is being asked. This program needs more examples and it needs to actually show the student what he/she got wrong and steps of how to fix it. Giving only a score after a completed assignment does little to no good for the student aspiring to fix their prior mistakes. I have talked to other students about this program and many have agreed that it is extremely hard to learn using this website
that was tough!! Bombed it!! 	
As a student, I find that I am better at critiquing (sic) bad questions rather than good questions.  Just a note.	
This has been one of my favorite forms of online homework. I feel like it really helps me -study- the material, not just memorize or recall it. I absolutely love how it expects you to go back to previous modules and continue with them as well. 	
I don't feel that missing one question should result in a time out because I don't know the material. However, I think it would be helpful if the missed questions were revisited at the end of the lesson.	
I hate connect!
Feel that questions veribage not intended to confuse student, rather assure they understand how to setup and work the problem would be much more beneficial towards establishing long term remembrance of the accounting process.  Not all students that take acct 1& 2 are intending on making a career in the field. Most must take it as a general requirement to complete a degree plan. 	
This isnt good for studying, lett me do it the way i can and i dont have to waste my fucking time doing this shit.
I think it is a helpful learning tool.	
i th ink god for this  i learn a lots about   nutrition	
Its good technology but there are some bugs to work out	
Você conhece as regras e eu também
this takes up way too much time!!!!
some questions are unnecessarily detailed	
sim ja vai fazer quase 1 ano q vc me esqueceu ; (
I know all the answers i wish i could just take the quiz
Some of the material I have no idea where it came from in the book and have no memory of ever reading it. I'm sure I did read it, but it might be nice to offer page numbers or something to make looking things up a little easier.	
I have no idea why it says I have been using this for 1 hour and 51 minutes.  I have spent over 8 hours sitting in this chair trying to answer these questions.  I have read to chapter over 10 times now.  The questions do not make sense with the material in the book.  Many times items are on the multiple choice questions that are not in the book.  If you guys honestly think someone can answer these questions in 1 hour you are out of your mind.
Some details were not discussed in the class, but it only appears in the books.  sometimes, I think the details is too small that we have to read every words in the book to know the answer.  However, biology is not my major, so I rather spend more time on my major content.	
I really liked using LearnSmart, it wasnt very long or too difficult and was a really good way to review the material. It reminded me of some of the stuff i had forgot when i was reading the chapter.	
LearnSmart is very useful. I am able to enjoy studying.	
should be more lenient on fill-in-the-blank questions 
FREAKING HATE IT
I love the idea that if you get one wrong it may reapear and that it does not count down for the items left in the assignment. I also like the fact that it is based on completion and not correctiveness. 	
mulher iludi
perfeito...
I just find this program annoying and I hate computers and having online assignments. If I could have avoided this class and these assignments I would have but unfortunately it was required. Not everyone learns from a stupid screen better. What happened to the traditional days of a book and hand written notes that a person had to study from!?! For some this may be a good tool, but for me it's not. And what's with taking points away?? You start it at zero and give points as the student progresses, and one mess up and you take away a bunch of points???? Stupid and it made me feel stupid. I did not find that beneficial in the least. From now on I will just keep answering with no, just guessing like the idiot I apparently am according to your program. 
Hate this product. pile of dog shit. I can read the book, dont need your help
fill in the blank questions are sometimes too picky on spelling	
Very good, just to many questions	
Some of the questions are worded in a way that is hard to understand, making it frustrating. 	
most of them, in this module, are not multiple choice. I think it's unfair, considering it is a bunch of long, weird names.	
I would not recomend this as a study tool. Its too specific for what it is trying to do
Eu sou a Raiz. Nós somos a raiz.
LearnSmart is an extreme waste of time. I am learning nothing by doing these foolish assignments.
after class is over i beieve i have a very good understanding of the material.after learnsmart i feel discouraged and unsure about my future. i wish there was more hands on wAy. i would rather sit in a classroom for two hours then do learnsmart for an two hours.
If all of the questions we will receive are always going to contain multiple answers, then I must spend much more time in Learnsmart than I may have available in order to pass this class.  I do find the cards very helpful but it is very exhausting for me.  Perhaps for a younger person it is easier to sit for all the time it takes.  I read a bit slowly and have wanted to read the chapters before working with learnsmart.  I think I will try to work at reading and Learnsmart concurrently to see if I can then spend time daily on both.  By the time I read, I don't have enough time for the program!	
WTF?
I  like to use this before reading the chapter to see how well I do, then once i've read the chapter I do it again to see how much I have improved.  This also gives me some understanding going into the reading, which helps me.	
Yeah babe
Bloqueie os S-foils na posição de ataque
There were some questions that involved several answers and I just overlooked the directions. Therefore instead of inputting several answers I just put in one. However I did enjoy taking this test and I wish I could print out these questions and answers so I could really have a good study and learning experience. 	
it is good	
this shit is dumb
Some are difficult, some are easy, but the common trait in them all seems to be long-windedness	
I think this software will help improve grades over time, I just hope we aren't being graded too heavily on it seeing as it is a tool to help us to get to know the material better.	
Just don't know if my tests are going to be the same type of questions, or totally different...	
THERE COULD BE SOME QUESTIONS TAILOR TO WHEN YOU FIRST SIGN ON TO LEARN SMART, BECAUSE THIS WAS MY 1ST TIME USING IT BECAUSE I HAD DIFFCULTY ACCESSING CONNECT.	
I like learn smart. This is my first semester to use it, but i wish i didn't have to dedicate so much to it if i already know what the chapter is about.	
Great way to test and study skills learned.	
Would like to have the chapter page reference for the questions missed.  
The dialogue in some of these questions when talking about significant figures can be confusing, because Connect and the book talk about the first non-zero number in different ways.  For instance, in the book, the first non-zero number refers to the first non zero that you run into counting in from the right of a number. Where as on Connect, it refers to the first non zero counting in.  That was my only complaint, great resource overall.	
Com pouca cafeína, perdoe o estilo de codificação
Vai ter pq eu te amo
tudo cuzao
Annoying!
Make the learn smarts shorter	
vou lansar porra nenhuma n fdp
i think that having to write in the answers is a good way to learn the material, but i feel it's diffucult to grade these questions because i was using words that were similar to the correct words but not receiving credit. 	
More problems with numbers because there will be alot of those on the exam	
I find this a complete waste of my time, and a pain in the butt. 
This was stupid. Don't do this again.
Some of the answers that are typed into the boxes are synonyms and the system counts the answers wrong. This gets annoying. 	
the type in wordsare too specific for me to know....answers that have synonyms that could also be the answer should not be type in, but multiple choice...this is very, very,very, extremely ANNOYING	
nynda kongg. blee. malu dikit dong
LearnSmart just seems like a review of the text.  I don't actually learn anything from it that I haven't already learned from the text.  I use LearnSmart only because it gives me points for credit.  Other than that, it seems pretty useless.
learn smart questions are way to heady for what is said in class and presented in the book. I find i must define the question far to long for simple answers. Never liked this part of the class, and it takes me away for to long from my other studies.
Consertou a porra do #XNUMX!
I don't very much like this learnsmart rubbish.
wellinton é nome de panificadora
pode vim não arruma nada quebro vc em dois
There are some questions I would like to challenge but am not given the option.	
sim diva
I like the learnsmart. 	
I personally don't learn very well with this.
mais ignora
:( :(
If one were to read and then use this as a review one can easily accomplish these tasks with ease	
Once again, this is not useful for me as a learner. 
gado demais 😳 👉🏻👈🏻
Learn smart doesn not go along with the book for the class
usually it takes 2 times through a modual to make the concepts concrete, and this takes a lot of time	
A message keeps popping up trying to get me to let Flash Player download more stuff. I keep clcking deny and it keeps popping up, FIX IT!	
Some of the questions that are given are not even referred in the chapter this module is based on.
I HATE THIS SOFTWARE!
I hate this and the voice of the woman who reads the learnsmart videos. I really hate this.
Great study tool	
i like the other test questions better. More activites instead of just question and answer. Its hard for me to learn this way. Maybe put it into relateable terms so i can see how they are used instead of just attempting to memorize them.
There are alot of questions.	
Claro que nao, para de se iludir com ela !!!
To tento um caso com a Sabrina 🤭🤭
Redefina a contagem de erros entre as linhas. Herpderp
I would like to see quizzes with new questions than the modules	
I like the set up.  I also like the option to continue to study once the assignment has been completed!  	
This shit blows! I want a teacher that can actually teach and no online connect nonsense. 
It is helpful that when you miss a question you get to see the right answer, memorize it, and test yourself again on it when the question comes around again! Good learning system.	
unethical
You could provide more explanation to the questions I got wrong. Sometimes, leansmart says I missed certain questions, but does not say why or what I should have done instead to get the correct answer.	
I am not enrolled in an on-line class, but yet I am using on-line software. I would rather be learing this material in class, instead of looking at power point slids for the entire class duration.	
Would be easier if we have a word bank.	
I HATE LEARN SMART
LearnSmart is very helpful and it is an easy and interesting way to help you learn. 	
meu nome e simsimi tenho 13 anos e gosto de garotas mais velhas
legal. então bora transar
too long and repetitive 
Learn smart sucks. 
teu rabo
Multiple answeres to the questions STRAIGHT from the text creating a lot of unnecessary wrong answers
I feel like connect plus has become a cyber bully and impossible to complete in under an hour. When teachers also assign book work and papers it is to much for one class. I hate this program. Really glitchy. The only thing hurting my grade and enturely un useful.
vamos beber cerveja
I don't like online courses. 
I can learn more by reading the book. This is taking way to much time for me. I can use this time to study for my mild term.
This is a great leaning tool	
I enjoy learn smart more then my Pearson lab I have to do online. Their websit is not structed very easily and is cluttered with too much information. Learn smart is easy and strightforward. 	
Number of questions are a little daunting.  	
I like this program, it make me have interesting to see what is next question. 	
eu sei la oq falar, vai se fode tio 😋😋😋
skerem milakilari polinski polanski sevenisan saphsiskul biggle biggle baux hoel	
some questions are worded weird, and its stupid when it asks for the main reason of something and their are 4 correct answers. the word main implys a singular answer, so if ther are 4 correct answers their shouldnt be the word main in the question...	
It said my spelling was off for the word environmental, yet many times did not use a plural form of a noun when it needed to, along with other grammatical errors.	
Fill in the blank questions are too vague. You'd literally have to remember the chapter almost word for word to answer the questions without looking at the book every single time.
Não fica assim não, vou te dar um Subway um não todos que você quiser
I enjoy LearnSmart because it helps me know what to study and keeps me learning.	
i find it odd that this module covers learning.this style of  barfing up what the text book says is limited to so few students. I never look forward to these assignments and have started answering randomly just the get the hell out of here. This is not effective or affective or whatever. This class is totally boring and I do not look forward to the assignments which is unfortunate. Other classes with profesors who have PhD's are interesting and engaging. This is just busy work.
Problema nº XNUM10X agora é o problema nº XNUM30X
The wording on some questions makes it difficult to understand.	
Acho que isso pode começar a nos causar problemas em breve ou nunca.
Questions need to give page numbers on which the answers can be found. It cannot be helpful otherwise to sit and flip pages without knowing what the question is actually asking. Sometimes the questions are quite vague and need to be clarified.	
nein
annoying
LARGER PRINT
Repetition is good!	
ARRRG* Cerebro
Casa Comigo ?
I fucking hate this, it is not helping me learn at all. What is wrong with you people. 
vai tomar no cu administrativo
When typing a word or phrase into a box, it would be appreciated if the enter key submited the answer. 	
if it is going to be timed i would like a pause option, because im studying while at work and have to pause from this to do other things.	
Saint Pipeline, por favor me dê luz verde
I wasn't really sure what to expect from Learn Smart, but I think it is going to be a useful and beneficial tool for success in this course. 	
I hate the learnsmart. Takes too much time.
Doing these assignments frustrates me. I'd learn more from just looking at the table of different phases, as opposed to this bull crap that involves beating around the bush and presenting these learning points a) out of order, and b) in a confusing manner. This material isn't hard to learn. This is a homework assignment. It's supposed to be easy and teach us these things. Giving us flashcards that may not have anything to do with this chapter/section isn't helping me do better in class. If anything, it's confusing me.
Think that LearnSmart has been a very wonderful tool to use this semester, and am using it now to help prepare for the managment final that I am about to take tomorrow  - 12/6/2012	
I LOVE CSI!!! IM GETTING WONDERFUL GRADES THANKS TO DOCTOR WILLS AND THE LEARN SMART/MCGRAW-HILL CONNECT! THANKS, LIANA CHILDS	
Learnsmart has really helped me do well on my exams and quizzes	
obrigada gostosa
I feel so confident after each lesson with LearnSmart!
Boa noite meu príncipe lindo
Public posting of peer progress is clever. I like it.	
thank you for the pictures of the cadaver. It helps a lot.	
quer me comer
questions do not properly read synonyms. The questions are worded in a way that overcomplicates simple material.
The virtual disection lab quizes are very helpful. I attribute that to the main reason why I am learning.	
Se for hacky e você souber disso, bata palmas (clap clap)!
Nenhum conflito, hoje foi um bom dia.
limitação inútil
eu não, eu sou gostoso, quero te comer inteira
I understand the most of key terms I should know. 	
toda aronbadinha Aida Vinícius do dia que vc me comeu !!
I oftentimes press a button, seek to check my answer, and press submit. However, in many of those cases, I press a button and the answer is immediately input. A permanent submit button would be awesome. 	
This is pretty cool!	
A little ardous to overcome	
Feels like this is helping greatly so far!!!	
some of the concepts covered in these questions are not as crucial to my course as others, I wish my instructor could pick and choose the questions, maybe he does, but I feel like some of the questions I have been asked were slightly irrelevant to what he had covered in class. Other than that, I think this is a great tool and has helped me learn a lot.	
the questions arent hardly mentioned in the book. 
I think the textbook kinda sucks. This chapter is formatted/organized especially badly. It could really use a few tables to sum up the massive amount of information in it that is presently hard to take in from simply reading the poorly organized text.	
Technicalities such as interchangeable word answers should be revised. such as opposite and seperate sides.	
Está funcionando!
This is a good learning tool, but the time investment feels a little steep when doing the practice questions.	
chupa logo vai
This is not a good way of learning for me	
Wording can sometimes be confusing.	
This made me think--thank you.	
Correlate this acitvity with what you will actualy find on the test unlike it is now with questions out of left field on the test that could only be answered by someone with a photgraphic memory.	
I am not able to find many of the  terms in the book and end up using the internet for help at the start of a new mudule	
this program is great because it almost like a quiz	
o que acontece se um preto cair num monte de bosta? r:aumenta o monte
waaaaay too much time. people have families they need to take care of and over an hour studying this online detracts from that. maybe 20 mins max should be required. I could see an hour being helpful for high school but college is too full of other important things to do over an hour on each module. ridiculous	
dane-se
the answer formats are not consistent.  Some questions require % in the answer to be counted correct, while other questions count the answer incorrect when you add the symbol in the answer.	
takes foreverrrr	
The questions asked on LearnSmart are overly repetitive. I feel that I am wasting my time doing tedious busy work.
NÃO FALA DA PUTA!
Some of the questions are misleading. For example...What does the physician look for while examining the ear? I thought it was the structures but you were looking for physical characteristics.	
It really helps put into check what I actually know, compared to what I thought I knew, which helps me know where I need to study more.	
I am learning my way around the connect program. It would be helpful if I had a little more help. Some learn at a slower pace but eager to learn. Ask if there is anything we can do to make your learning experience more effective . This chapter has tought me to always exceed the customers expectation. Thank you.	
I wish there was no time limit. 	
This is great!	
It's useless. 
I think there are to many questions.	
Learnsmart sucks, it does not prepare me for my tests at all
Very ambiguous questions.  Text may very plainly say one thing and the question says it's wrong.  Tired of contesting them so I stopped just to get through.
I wish there were mini lessons before the flashcards, it would help me learn and review the material.  Even an animation would work.
How do you know 100% that global climate change is not just part of the Earth's normal cycling? 
i do not feel like this program is helpful at all. 
trato feito ent
Some material is not correct. Needs better editing.	
Controlled experiment might be acceptable in one of the questions where experiment was the correct answer. 	
It's annoying to choose if i know the question, probably, most likely and no just guessing, it takes to much time.	
im hoping this will pay off, its hard to tell, i have not taking my first test yet so my answers could change.	
opa, demoro 
Half the questions are pointless and a waste of time. If this was not assigned as homework, I would not have anything to do with it. Many of the fill-ins are too vague in what answer is being looked for. A complete waste of time. I would rather use this time to do some actual studying. I find myself mindlessly punching in answers to try getting through this, whatever it is, so I can move on to real studying.
Website issues:
I would like our assignments to be open untill the day of the test... this helps for reviweing so much! 	
im 38 and new to computers so the lay out allows me to use a computer and see my lessons. i like the system and hope i can use it effectively.	
takes way to long to complete. ridiculous
a Gabi, ela se separou do namorado dela pra ficar contigo, ela te ama
Helps get a better understanding of the material.	
to be honest the learn smart are really helpful but the assignment and quizes are totally not what is in the learnsmart.  The learnsmart has the capacity to let you learn the others just make you make decisions based on examples and do not give you sufficient time	
pode não binaria chata no gp?
the quizzes are nothing like the homework! so i spend all my time on the HOMEWORK  and in the end it does not help me one bit
Some times the answers don't make sence but atleast there is a way to share that info right with the answered question	
The questions are from all parts of the textbook, but we are only learning portions for lecture.  I wish there were a way to forever skip a question we are not responsible for knowing the answer to to match what our teacher is asking of us.  	
Stop interupting me!	
Also, I'm incredibly tired of the stupid Adobe Flash pop-up box that keeps asking me to allow mhlearnsmart to store info on my computer.  No, means NO, so stop asking me.  Talk about a distraction to study, it pops up ~20-30 times a session.
I like this system, it does help when I am able to spend enough time using it.	
I think that this is a helpful, engaging and surprisingly fun way tolearn the material.	
Great program!	
This program DOES NOT HELP ME
vem que eu to todo excitado
This is a complete waste of my time. Using internet learning devices is a waste. Give me a worksheet and a peice of paper to learn, its way better. I could learn better when there was no technology!
frase tipica do srblack: vou lá comer piroca
I enjoy how you sectionalize the conjugated verbs from other chapter sections.	
A couple questions weren't from module 9. Regarding prey and predators.	
The practice exercise are very helpful. 	
I think instructions for each question should be made more clear. I missed several just because I thought I was supposed to click one answer, not three. Also I mispelled an answer by one letter. Correct answer, but given an incorrect	
Não 
Thank you for checking spelling and grammar in this chapter. It is looking much better than the last ones. 	
Asking how well I think I know the answer to the question is annoying and time consuming. I don't want to hit probably every single time. It's annoying.	
the only thing that annoys me is i have a horrible time spelling and often miss the question simply because i misspelled the answer, also i downloaded the app for my ipad and it seems that the two do not sink up to what I have completed or to what the professor has actually assigned. This is pretty annoying	
You should the person takign the test skip a question. Not all of this material is being given to us in class so we shoudl be bale to skip the question not relevant to us. Thank you.	
com o Franklin quando vai na casa dla kdhdk corno
começa com M termina com K
Answers to questions are very similar to the point where it is confusing.
Sometimes the questions are misleading rather than helpful, such as when the textbook states there are only two known cases of rabies that have been known to survive without the vaccine but the question is in true or false format.  It just seemed misleading.  There were others I cannot think of right now, but overall it has been very helpful.	
I think that this is a great addition to the tutoring family. Learning a new language is hard enough, but having this kind of tutorial is very helpful.	
IT COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER WITH CHOICES INSTEAD OF HAVING TO TYPE IN YOUR ANSWER BCAUSE SOMETIMES YOUCAN ACCIDENTLY MISPELL A WORD. ALSO I DO ENJOY USING THIS MODULE FOR LEARNING.	
The system should recognize word meanings and give credit for answers with words that have like or same meaning.	
go more into depth in you video display in the module	
Merge pull my finger request
I hate that I feel like a prisoner to this assignment. Missed the question by just one part? TOO BAD!! back into the damn pool it goes till you get it all right, every last bit, no exceptions!!! Suffer, because you're in college and that is what college is all about, not learning but suffering!!! 
I don't like the questions that require me to check all that apply.  They are hard and confusing and worded funny.  It's hard because some of the wrong answers seem to fit and don't seem all that different from ones that do apply.	
Tre quattro sette uno nove otto sei otto tre due
I really enjoy using this as a guide to help me learn the material.  It has been very helpful	
Learn smart is stupid and a 100% waste of my time
Comprometendo-se de acordo com a profecia.
mmmuhhhhhhh
I wish that most of these 80 flash card assignments were worth more than 5 points, it is a lot to do when the ones you get wrong go to the bottom..	
The questions are really random and the fill in the blank are the hardest	
Você deveria estar guardando para quando morrer. Esse é o nosso dinheiro.
King sucks
I like this source of learning and information.	
The material is very good. My mistakes are due to slight differences, terms vs. definitions, in the different science classes I am taking.	
Sua Namorada? Felicidades Pra Vocês❤
THIS IS RIDICULOUS. I WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE 40 QUESTIONS AND INSTEAD HAVE TO DO 70. COMPLETELY MISLEADING AND UNFAIR IN EVERY WAY. UNETHICAL.
when reading the questions it is hard to relate what the book states
Learn Smart is a good tool in regards to preparing one for upcoming exams along with enpowering the information.	
I'm taking so much time because I'm also surfing the web.	
e uma merda 
45 would probably be better as an average, but considering that this chapter is short i think 30 questions was just right	
too much questions!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	
I do not like the questions where you have to pick all that apply. If you miss one, the whole question is wrong	
This is a pretty cool, little tool for learning. I look foward to using this in the future! :)	
learnsmart is very helpful	
não amor
This course requires too much time, LearnSmart has been beneficial. But too many random questions, and other assignments make this course very difficult.	
Sim gostoso
alucard é hetero 
I think learn smart is very helpful.	
Lógico que não. desilude 
My only problem with Learnsmart is some of the wordings. I personally tend to read the questions incorrectly and realize it after I see what the right answers are. 	
This is a great study tool. but it is a bit lengthy and some of the questions are repetitive.	
um bicho burro, rapariga e tem demencia
This is going to help me a lot!	
I want to throw my head through a wall
The wording of some questions are hard to figure out.
You know what I like
realmente ignorar palavra ignorada
Some questions need to be worded differently because of certain aspects of the matter in question can easily be argued and mistaken for another meaning.	
much more efficient use of my time than making my own note cards. 	
I don't like that I can't skip questions and go back to them latter once I've reviewed that topic. I don't like the questions that make my write in the answer. A computer can't decide if the answer is basiclly correct. for example I had a quesiton where the answer was supposed to be 'MyPlate', I wrote in 'Choose My Plate'. I believe that is still the correct answer but I was marked wrong. I don't like that I have to tell the computer if I do or don't know the answer. I'm wrong on that part most the time anyway! I also don't like that when I get a quesiton correct it only says ok. It would be more productive if it wasn't their at all or if it changed from ok to goodjob to nice work to great. At the end of the module it would be nice to get something that pops up and says it's complete and saved. My teacher didn't get my past module for whatever reason and I really really don't want to redo it! I'm not really the biggest fan of this kind of forced learning but it could improve to be more bearible. Perhaps after a question is asked include the page number the answer is found on so I'm not searching through the whole chapter for every question.
Don't interrupt me
vou dar meu pau pra você chupar
euphoria, oni chi chi, school days..
Very Helpful !	
fill in the blanks are terrible
Knowing people does not seem to be very relevant in an Anatomy and Physiology course. Of course, it is acceptable to give credit to these historic and influential people, but it seems to me like that kind of material should be covered in a medical history kind of study session and not mixed in with the other topics in chapter 1.	
sometimes the answers dont seem to line up	
Still complaining about the spelling problems..getting one wrong because of a typo	
seu lindoh
I have had several classes in microbiology, chemistry, and anatomy and physiology so this seems simple to me. it might be more difficult for someone who has never taken a course like this.	
I hate the fill in the blank ones. They're usually random and hard to find.	
pues tienes que cumplir con tus trabajos y tareas
To be completely honest, I haven't read the chapter. I am going off of notes in class and quick learning through the book.	
Noticed questins about short run.  I dont think I have ever seen this term before.  I guess I must have missed it in the book some how.	
Please show the work necessary for the problems.	
I highly dislike being told that I need to take a break. That is my decision. This program also cannot tell when I take a break and I take them when needed. I also was offended that I was told only to select YES when I was absolutely sure of the answer because obviously I was sure when I hit yes. Just because I am sure does not mean I am right and that comment was unnecessary because I thought I was right. I felt stupid enough for being wrong and did not need the comment to make it more so. The program is very helpful to me especially with learning the punctuation in spanish. The program is also very easy to use which is important to me and I'm sure many others.	
Stop putting up pop-ups	
i use the modules to learn the material before actually reading so i have a decent basis of understanding before trying to digest the definitions and learn the chapter	
Basically you guys suck and should accept both female and male forms of the word for Spanish. If you ask for the female form of a word you should accept the female form of a word and not mark it as wrong. Also you should give partial credit to almost correct answers (like if you have the accent in the wrong place you should not be dedcuted 200 points).
*amor, fim de semana chegouuu...*
I don't always get a chance to read the chapter before I do the module, so it takes longer to complete the module when I haven't, but I do also still learn- it's just remembering within the session rather than having the session solidify what I learned from reading the chapter. But that's my issue, not yours!	
i dont like how if i spell an answer wrong i dont recive the full amont of points	
I have some visual issues and the beginning screen for the problems with the grey background and white letters is very hard for me to read. The black letters on white background are much better. So I usually only read the title before I estimate if I know the answer. 	
cute.. bagay na bagay nga kayo eh!
its tough when you miss one when there is five correct,.	
I understand that the terminology used is correct, but I think that it would be easier to remember the material if it was broken down into simple terms.	
LEARN SMART SUCKS
You are not given any credit for almost correct answers (i.e. 3 out of 4 of the possible correct answers were given, but marked entirely wrong).  
esse maluco e doente igual o retro vei
Go in order of the book by section, have more than 1 right answer to a question- pronouns, Don't have the pop-up for a study break near the END! do it around halfway through.... Needs a complete overhaul -> think like mastering astronomy or my math lab
The questions are good, but by making us answer 45 of them it defeats the purpose. My brain is fried and I'm not studying right now. 
Não se funde simplesmente no mestre
I wish these were posted at the beginning of the chapters so we could get on here a little each night rather than just a few nights before the test!	
Doesn't go with the material we're learning in class and honestly this does not help me prepare for tests whatsoever
é uma bosta
i really Learning Something in class and from Learn smarts too.	
THIS SUCKS
provide different questions (have a larger question pool) for each sign-in session	
I like it, it has been very very helpful to learn the material I need to learn.	
The only bad thing about learn smart is it doesnt have a timer to see how lonh you have. It also takes alot of time but is very helpful.	
About half as many questions could cover it. 	
uma linda vai namorar com o crush
Too many flash cards at once. Maybe fewer?	
sua ppk <3
take out spelling errors and slight misconceptions. they are rediculous and redundant.	
these are stupid and take way too much time with poorly labeld diagrams
I like this tool and it helps a lot. thank you	
Thank you learn smart! you have made learning new subjects more managable and fun.	
I feel like some of the questions are repeated in the exact same way. So therefore I feel that I might only be memorizing the answer not necessarily learning the material. However, I do like using this to learn.	
Waste of valuable study time
El urdrafon esta dificil de matar y los peones no tienen voluntad propia sin el Arizen
lansa minha pica no teu cu
Não somos estranhos para amar
tá já  to indo 
Wording on some questions need to be restated. I have answered questions that would be considered right according to the text, but the lesson only aknowledge part of the correct answer. 	
pointless
TODO: consertar mais tarde
me esmague
I hate using this and the amount of time it consumes just to finish.
Better explanation of why selected answers were wrong would be much more helpful.	
I hate learnsmart!!
It helps very much if you read the material before you do Learn Smart, even though I am missing a few more questions, I am doing the Learn Smart much faster as I am not constantly looking up the answers.	
If I continue to use this resource at a timely manner then I do believe I can learn the material at a better rate than just reading by myself.	
I wish that after you get a question wrong a certain amount of times, LearnSmart would tell you where to find the information in the book, approximately what page!	
i think this is a very very helpful tool as long as all the information on the test 	
I enjoyed using the module. It takes me quite sometime to process all the information that I have read and then be able to answer questions on it with confidence. Overall, a good learning module. 	
babao babi lh afiq
I bet you voted for Obama.
It would be nice to have a way to skip a question and then go back to it later.  Sometimes working on another similar question can help to understand the other one.	
no shopping andando atoa
the only complaint that i have is when you reach the end of the questions or 100% i think that the module should end. Instead it just continues on with questions. This makes it very confusing for people using it for the first time and they might not know that they are finished answering everything they need to answer. We get this as homework, therefore we need to beable to know when we are finished.	
there should be at least two attemps	
hj ,princesaaaaa ,dlç 
I think the textbook and the module dont quite line up. I took what I would consider very thorough notes through this chapter and im still missing questions. Granted Im trying to do this without the help of my notes. I think the punishment for wrong answers is too hard when I think that I know an answer and It makes me feel like Im regressing rather than progressing.	
beleza
completely useless compared to instructor given study tools (lecture notes, etc.)
When comparing this module to the actual quizzes, I feel that these modules do not prepare me for the quiz. Instead I feel that it lacks material that is covered in the quiz. 
The brain stem is part of the hindbrain, not the midbrain.	
I like it.	
Learn Smart is just a terrible method at studying. I preform way better by taking notes and reviewing them. Learn smart is just a thorn in my side I must slowly work out before I can do my actual connect problem.
I was doing this while taking care of my kids, so I took more time than usual.  	
Some of the questions are ambiguous. There often isn't enough information in the question to help me figure out what type of answer I'm supposed to provide.	
Yasmin não vai embora
Some questions are not found to further study in the text.  Need rational and page numbers.
I like that there are standings against other students.  The competition  is actually motivating.	
Parem de me fazer falar merda!
Typing in answers that should work but do not, makes me irrate. Especially considering what I paid for this software.
i like it	
claro,Boku no pico e um anime muito bom
This module should be more useful in completeting/understanding the homework.	
Very useful and effective study tool.	
Sim! Claro, dlc.
The page number recommendations for the e book seem way off	
These questions aren't difficult, but the model is terrible.  Spanish isn't taught properly because reading a book then throwing questions at me doesn't teach spanish.  You either need required videos with questions embedded in the videos, or stick to making textbooks.  Nobody will learn anything from this.
The material covered in LearnSmart isn't in the same format as the practice tests or what our exams are usually like.	
I need to utilize this program more often, it has helped greatly.	
Far too many questions and annoying fill in the black questions.
Some of the questions are specific to the point of useless I think. Its more of a lookup game than real learning 
less items to learn it takes way too long to get through one module. But they do help me with the test and quizes! :)	
If I get it more than than 80 percent right...you should still count it right but show it again more often.	
Some answers in learnsmart are not in the book. Also, spelling shouldn't be an issue.
Possibly provide and additional chance to student to answer question correctly.	
tomara que você caia mais ainda no abismo para assim ninguem te salvar ^-^
Waste of time I'm not learning like this
Pare de ler isso por um tempo, ok ..
I think this is a good studying program.	
While using correct answers, LearnSmart tends to not notice them as correct answers
too nit picky on the details, the things we do in class focus more on applications and less on definitions
fill in the blank questions are not helpful when the sentence could be completed by many different words and still be right!
I hate the fill in the blank.. some of them are unclear. I dont mind the ones that you have to type in a theory but hate when it is an everyday word.	
I would like a sense of how much of a module is remaining. 
Learn smart is a great tool to back up what the book says. Sometimes it covers more than the instructor covers in class.	
Eu não. Só quero te comer
o homem é puro mas a buceta o corrompe 😔
I am just not interested in Accounting therefore I may have a negative outlook or take longer to learn this subject - Not sure if you would want to include my feedback. Thanks	
This last preflight was one of the easier ones. On average I probably spend about 1.5 - 2 hrs on each one if not more.	
um gostozao que come todo mundo 
I would like to see a little slack given for misspelling words like empirical. I did not like getting no credit for a simple spelling error. Other than that the system forces you to know the material before you do it and you learn while you do it too.	
The learnsmart's are not really helping the learning factor, only memorizing then forgetting. Does not help in class at all.
First time use. Will use again!	
this shit sucks
I don't like that it counts an answer wrong if I select two right answer and not select one other possible right answer.  Also when I first started the module I missed two questions because I did not understand that we could select more than one answer. Another thing is that some of the wordings on the questions are difficult.	
There were 9.3-9.4 questions in this module. So it would have been good to know that and be prepared for it. 	
Great learning tool..!!!	
enzai corno
there are some answer cannot be found in the book
some answers are too specific	
cartman, essa é a coisa mais idiota que você já disse ... esta semana.
diga-me
the fill in the blanks are the hardests	
Like it, dont change	
quite useful	
The questions are too much textbook-formatted and the answers are expected to be the same, as well.  The problem with this is that no one remembers the answers exactly like the textbook says them.	
It has helped me know what to make meticulous notes on and what to avoid taking too much time with. It also gives me exactly where in the book I should review. I have enjoyed it.	
Generally I find the questions to be quite good, but some questions seem overly simple while others are overly involved or complex. I not saying that I wish they were all true/false, but some of the questions are a little too intense I think.	
just get confised with terms still, putting them with the right thing that is ocurring	
Detailed feedback is one of the best features of LearnSmart, and It would help to allow students to get EVEN MORE feedback.	
The questions are sometimes unfair, and do not hold any help or indication from the book. For example, the definition and use in context does not even mention stability.
ssimm
Trial and error is easy, I don't even have to understand the answer to know which one to choose.
I feel confident with the multiple choice and fill in the blank questions, but my test will also contain short answer questions; however, I don't how this could be incorporated into LearnSmart well.	
It's really frustrating that when you get a question wrong, you have to repeat the question. Some of the questions are very hard, and are quite difficult to find in the text. Also, a lot of the questions have multiple answers, and even if you get one of the possible answers wrong, you still have to do it over again. LearnSmart is helpful to learn, but not when I'm so frustrated with how picky it is with grading. I hate doing LearnSmart just becuase it takes so long to complete due to having to answer twice as many questions since it makes me re-do nearly every question.	
Questions only moderately follow the book.	
LearnSmart really prepares me for homework and tests!	
it is too time consuming
The questions realy do not help for what the teacher tests us on.  It is a waste of time doing these.  Just do them to get the grade
;selrghi	
add charts to show supply and demand curves
Some questions ask info not covered in the material. It might have the name of the condition and details in the book, but not the detail asked in the question - such as the thymus having 2 nodes - not in the book, then you spend waaaay too much time searching for that detail. Other than that, I find the entire experience very helpful, though time consuming.	
directly synonymous answers do not earn you credit, even if they are exactly written that way in the book	
kkkkkkj paulista ja nadou no tiete hj?
there is a mistake in one of the questions. 	
This website needs to be way less time consuming, it is a while goose chase for answers, the spelling part needs to be WAY more lenient, there are way to many questions, this website is a reson to waste time, finally whoever made this you prolly are an over achiever and sit in your basement all day thank u
É como - é como um yeti.
ri muito
I have a visual impairment.  This makes it hard to distinguish some of the pictures that are in the LearnSmart questions even with magnifying them.  If there is any way to make it so a person can without a doubt understand what is being pointed at, it would be greatly appreciated.	
It is easier to remember information by using the modules. 	
our college classes are split into anatomy and phsyology, I wish you could split assignments for chapters that way or at least group questions together within an assignment that way.....	
Choose different wording.... 	
that cool	
Guessing the outcome is annoying and time consuming, but I feel like learnsmart is improving my online study habits. Thank you!	
I am a very visual person so this helps but I still need to pronounce words correctly.	
There are so many 'select multiple answer' questions that when a single answer question comes up that has an identical format (but without the 'select all correct answers' direction) I get confused and still think I need to select multiple answers. These questions should have slightly different format to identify them - there is always at least one 'almost right' answer and its frustrating to click on it, thinking you have time to change your answer and then have that chance snatched away.	
Bruh 
I feel that some of the correct answers are debatable.
It's been cool. It was fun.	
This learn smart acitivity was timed better that the last ones. I find the information is fresher for some reason and its not as tedious.	
i think this process really helps me understand the material without in class instruction.	
I appreciate that the questions vary and ask about the material in several different ways. Sometimes having it rephrased helps clarify and allows me to better comprehend the material.	
it is useful, it takes time to get familar with the program	
This is just time consuming
Sim come ela logo seu puto
I like everything except the fill in the blank questions.	
This is hard, and I don't enjoy it at all I do not learn with flashcards.
I think LearnSmart is a great tool for learning, although i feel there are generally to many questions per module. 	
Takes way too long and does not help me!
Oi amiguinho
Provide more multiple choice questions. That is how college exams are structured, allows for more familiarity and comfort in exam settings.	
the re-wording of questions passed missed is working grate for me . add more if you can . Ive noticed for my self its easier to learn something when the subject is presented to me in diff ways .. 	
It would be helpful if Learnsmart could provide some deeper conceptual questions, like scenarios, that will challenge students into thinking more in depth about topics and their applications. 	
I feel I could do better if I could read the entire chapter but cannot get it to load.	
várias mudanças
tou zoando
LearnSmart is very helpful in relearning the material for retaining purposes.	
These items are all found in the book but they are very hard to find and memorize.	
These modules takes too long. All these definitive articles just frustrate me and make me want to spit on McGraw Hill's grave. (KawwPeww!!!) I know the flippin' word, I'm trying to do this shit quickly but I get answers wrong because of crap I overlook. These exercises are good for people who don't know Spanish but it is like plucking pubic hair for those who get the gist and just need a simple review of the grammar and vocabulary.
pq ngn fala de filosofia???
make the ipad app alot better. for instance, when it says name the tissus that the arrows are pointing to there are no letters labeling the labels.	
I hate Connect, the questions never make sense, and are often inaccurate..I think this is a terrible learning modules, cause they suck....I AM DISAPPOINTESD IN THE WHOLE CONNECT SYSTEM
Dane-se senhor, estou indo para casa.
i really like this tool for studying....	
Some wording of questions can sometimes be tricky, such as all or most.
There are way too many questions to get right on each module! It takes me 5-6 hours just to finish one which is why i hardly completed them. I have other things to worry about rather than spending vast hours getting everything wrong. I despise this course and Learnsmart. Itd be way better if the number of questions went from 80-90 to 20-30.
Pretty easy stuff. Just read the book and pay attention in class	
I cannot believe they made me take this stupid class when I've already had human anatomy and physiology, endocrinology, and biochemistry.
maybe only do 50-60 questions per chapter	
A few questions are worded deceptively, but not too many. 	
Alot of the multiple choice are to similar	
eu n te trato mal
thanks
ennos
I have recently had a chemistry course and did not actually use the test to study for this chapter
Lucas volta pra ela
네
Firs time I  have used this teaching aid,I was not sure how to get to it.	
keep up the good work!	
It's a good and helpful program.	
I think that this will be a very helpful study tool to prepare for tests or to make sure that the content from the textbook is adequately learned.  	
Some questions seem unclear for which they are asking.	
I am not an English Native, therefore, I suffered difficulties.	
enquanto você lia eu arrombei a sua tia 😋😋😋
Use more real life examples,so instead of saying a business does this and this, use a specific business and give an example relating to the text. 	
I have been working on my LearnSmart assignment for over three hours.  I have no idea how you can tell me it has been 51 minutes.  It is ridiculous to spend so much time looking for one exact word to answer a question.  I truly hate doing this homework because it is such a pain.
no parque
(😔✊🏄1�7)
i hate your system... you all need to go back to school..... get you heads out of your asses and develope a system that actaully helps students. Fuck you stop draining me of my funds and do something.
1) The interface is less clunky and more practical.
Eu __ uma palavra
way too many questions for each module. it is so time consuming and exhausting. I think there should be about 50 to 60 really important questions per chapter	
a magia é real
Will take more practice but confident.	
The wording of the questions sometimes makes it difficult to understand what I'm being asked.	
de qual adm vcs mais gostam? ou admiram?
I don't like the YES, MAYBE, I DON'T KNOW, NO - I'M GUESSING, choices and their affects on cumulative points.	
The wording in some of the questions is quite vague and some interpretation is necessary to answer questions correctly. Too much Gray area on the questions requiring multiple answers.	
this thing is legit:)	
I wish it was possible to tailor the content of LearnSmart to the course content and difficulty.  I think that the LearnSmart program is a great way to prepare, and it goes into greater depth than what we have covered in class, which I have enjoyed.  I prefer to use the LearnSmart program (as opposed to the textbook) to master the material and to test myself.	
Confirmação de teste. Por favor ignore
coisas ocorreram
ja perceberam que branco e uma raça  muito chata?
TOO MANY fill in the blank questions. They ask for very specific words which aren't helpful for learning.	
shiiiuu, e-girl não tem opinião
Too hard, not relevant to what we do in class at all. Waste of time, to be honest.
The section where the information is located rather than the answer would be more helpful. maybe after a second miss of the question the answer could be provided.	
This is a really good and helpful system.	
this program is garbage. i can learn so much better from a study guide by a teacher over material we actually covered in class not all these flashing computer screens. i hate online learning.
The answers to the questions cannot be found in the book.
I do wish that our instructor was able to select the appropriate material for her particular class. It is frustrating that we are required to go over questions that are not being covered in our course.  It would be nice to allow for selection of questions that would better pertain to the material being studied in the course.	
the language used in the questioning can sometimes be misleading	
Why do I have to fill out a survey if i paid for this program? It's disruptive to my studying and distracting! Would you say having advertisements interjected into study time is useful? No - no one would.
This is different, but once I get used to it, it will be fine	
They're not difficult as long as you read ahead of time.	
I enjoy this software and find it useful.	
the questions are worded in very rediculous ways making the learnsmart questions ten times more difficult to discifer than the ones on our tests. also it is difficult to go between questions that want mulitple answers and ones that only want one. providing a submit button of sorts to those one answer questions would be nice so it doesnt just take the first answer you choose, giving the student time to think it over.
Don't use me in your sample data, I'm just a naturally bad student	
The font on some of the longer questions gets to be so small that I have a hard time even reading it. Other than the problem with the small text, I feel this is helpfull when studying for my exams. 	
Most questions are not at all difficult, but a few have been slightly difficult and fewer have been fairly difficult, at least if I'm not looking up the answers.	
This is a great learning tool! I'm really glad to have done this! It has repetition so i don't forget! thank you!	
Será mesmo?
I really think this program was really helpful to me and I plan on using this more often to prepare myself for quizes and tests.	
I like the fact that you keep repeating cards. It helps me remember. Please continue	
seriously i just care about getting it done. I do not feel that it helps me at all because how the matirial is taught to me is so different.
I LEARNED NOTHING
Learn Smart, while possible useful for some, is a hinderance. It takes far too long. 
I like it it's a more interesting way of studying. Rather than the traditional method.	
Certain questions that would probably be beneficial to repeat/ restate are not being repeated just because i've answered them correctly. i think reducing questions of a certain topic should only occur if the student claims to be confident in their answer, not based solely off of a correct answer. Perhaps this is already how it's being done, but it does not seem that way to me. Other than that, i find this program very helpful. 	
I LOVE THIS WAY OF STUDYING IT REALLY HELPS	
Great program very helpful method of study and assesment of known material	
Questions are fair and the program is very helpful	
it really helps, i recommend learnsmart.	
This is a very helpful tool in learning biology. It helps me a lot to get some additional practice before starting the homework and quiz	
I really enjoy this way of learning material. It's interesting and fun to me.	
The most beneficial part of learnsmart is clearly explaining what the answer (and why) is if the wrong answer is selected. 	
This is an awful program and a poor excuse for teaching.
Keep up the good work.	
1 question has come up releatedly with poor wording and does not include the option to Challenge. Proprietary Assets, such as Patents and Trademarks ARE usually included on the Balance Sheet, yet LearnSmart continually claims that these are not included on the Balance Sheet. Several of the other questions are not difficult at all when offered in another format, but the wording in this program can be described as ambiguous or confusing at best.
Attending lecture, reading the book, and skimming key points should be combined with the LearnSmart tool to acheive an A grade.	
Online homework sucks
This used the Likhert scale.	
I have not read the book yet, so when I finally get my book, using LearnSmart will be easier and more efficient.	
Por favor, insira a mensagem de confirmação para suas alterações. Linhas começando com '#' serão ignoradas, e uma mensagem vazia aborta o commit.
All I am doing is looking at the book while I fill in these answer. BTW, the book is poorly organized.
This whole thing sucks~
it would be nice if misclicks and mispells could be avoided.	
A última vez que disse que funciona? Eu estava brincando. Experimente isso.
as someone who has very poor study habbts, i found this program to be very worth while. Two thumbs up!	
What is this crap.....
this is defnitely a good way to learn these things!	
nada vc e so minha tbm
This is a waste of time
Alice
Some of the questions are a bit confusing.	
It would be nice if correct answers were given to all types of incorrect responses, that way it would be read more and learned better. 	
Some terminology should be able to answer questions other than the set answer	
i love this	
ive already covered this material in high school,  so it is like review	
E queremos que nossas mães parem de tropeçar porque as vadias tropeçam o tempo todo!
The wording is a bit difficult but isn't detrimental to the learning process. It only frustrates me when I don't get correct answers because I don't understand what the question is exactly saying.	
The quality of this material is truly insulting. You and your company actually believe me to learn from this poor excuse of an online homework server. First off, each question has the sentence gammar of a 4 year-old. Next time, before you have these questions screened you should fire that moron that screens them. He or she is obviously iliterate. Secondly, how about adding some more questions? Are there maybe 4-5 questions? Then they just repeat themselves. You are worthless. Lastly, you're server is the most complex logarthirm ive ever seen. My friend who is a computer science major is completely confused about everything. You stupid ethinic lover.
about 1 of every 20 questions i am completely clueless on what/where to find the answer and am not completely clear on what is being asked
I dont need a computer program to hold my hand through my education.  It's my responsibilty to put in the time to learn the information, I dont need a computer program to tell me how long I need to study.
I'm the instructor, going through it before my students do. Some of my wrong answers have been careless reading, and some just things I wouldn't normally teach and haven't reviewed. One was one I just didn't know. So my answers here may not reflect a typical student's.	
Good program. I like that it shows the answers after the wrong is picked. That way I can see where I may have messed up.	
Time might be a bit off due to idling sometimes xD	
it is stupid and un helpful.
to pensando em ti rs i vc?
sela
Too many questions that the answer isn't the chapter. It makes it harder and it takes up a lot of time.	
get some!	
I like how this helps me prepare for the chapter exams. It is a great tool for me to use.	
Trabalhando no WIP
The look and feel is fairly good.  
Sometimes the fill in the blank questions are tricky since I don't know where you want me to go or what words you are looking for.	
muitas e muitas mudanças
I think these modules are a great idea.	
The Learnsmart tool is one of several tools necessary to effictively understand and digest the material.  Using the learnsmart tool alone would not be enough because the problems are not necessary reflective of the quiz question.  Nontheless, the learnsmart tool is essential for successfully completing this class. 	
some of the questions a reapted. there are too many questions on some modules; because they are repeated.	
I enjoyed the interactiveness of this program.	
This one was way too long, twice as long as the others.  	
Cancle the YesMaybeNo,I am just guest etc options.
Keep doing what you are doing, it works.	
I like this program a lot because ithelps me remembering the lesson more.	
covers stuff that we dont in class
less fill in the blank, more multiple choice: that would help clarify what word you are looking for when there a multiple words for the correct answer
structuring the questions with more options that are close to the correct answer forces me to think deeper on the possible outcome and allows me to better distinguish the specific characteristic when it appears on an exam. You may want to offer more questions in this format. 	
se você é como o bunny, você é gay sim.
This should be way shorter.  It is an hour longer than most of the other sessions.	
Claudia Leite
FODASE MEU PARSERU
Again, asking how well I know the question is very annoying. I would rather just answer the question.	
I need to do this more.	
eu gosto
This is a good system to learn as well as to measure one's learning.  There is a competitive, fun aspect to it also.	
vague and scattered
Very helpful for my understanding of my coursework, and it helps my grade!	
i like the challenge and it goes with the book.	
Você não conseguiria isso de qualquer outro cara
When answering a question wrong the score deduction is more than twice that of getting one right. This makes it nearly impossibly to bounce back from a few wrong answers.
i will like some extra room for the spelling is there any way to help the learner with the splling ? well thank you very much.	
I hate doing this homework.
It's ridiculous that you count an answer wrong on the multiple choice if you even miss it by one. This program is an expensive, buggy joke, and I don't appreciate being forced into having to utilize it. It's people like you that are ruining the education system by taking advantage of students.
Why do some wrong answers take away a few points while others take away hundreds? One took over 300 points, that kind of seems exsesive. 	
Need more in depth wording and explaination for questions. It would be helpful to get textbook pages if is incorrect and not just when you challenge an answer.  If check all that applies questions, should be able to click on all choices to receive why they do or do not apply, this would emphasize concepts.  Sometimes the book is too boughed down and confusing, and homework doesn't seem to help or is too advanced, but you ask too early in some of these modules for problems not yet presented in class and need further teacher explaination.	
learnsmart is an efficient and also fun way to learn my medical terminology	
SIM
Apenas tome cuidado para não acabar pelado e roubando em San Diego.
como dizia o black, vou la comer piroca
very useful tool to shape the confidence in the learning material	
ninguém manda colocar o Malaquias para trabalhar
It would be helpful if an explanation was available for all of the answers, both correct and incorrect, when answering questions or in the catalogue.
Fun and easy to learn! A less formal way to teach information, but it allows me to learn on my convience not others!	
I love Spanish!	
Hope there are more true and false problems. 	
best way of studying so far for me since i started college.	
This chapter seemed easier to grasp in general than past chapters	
I am unknowlageble on this information; therefore, I am spending more time working the questions through.	
i hope it's not too easy	
this is not a very useful tool in studying for me.  
This is definitely worth it and a good study tool, but perhaps there doesn't need to be so many flashcards because it takes a very long time to get through it seems.	
Sometimes they resemble two different answers and it is difficult to decide which is right...even after reading the chapter I have to go back and search for the sentence from which the answer was taken from. 	
Connect helps me study since I can always go back and reread through the flashcards to be prepared for the quizes, but as far studying for the exam goes it is no help. 	
I like to do leansmart, it helps me a lot so I can review when I take the exam, thank a lots...	
LeanrSmart is an awesome tool for me to use. I'm an average student who crams like a lot of other people. LearnSmart is an easy effective way to brush up in a hurry, or a good way to begin and maintain your study sessions. The problems are easy so you are not discouraged or dreading all the work, but it is enough to jogg your memory or bring up questions you haven't thought of before; ones you don't know the answers to. It always available and easy to access. It's like your perfect study partner! :)	
I just feel that this part of your program is extremely tedious and unhelpful.  It makes my vision blur and I die a little inside every time that I see this assigned as part of a chapter.  I don't mind the other types of assignments but this one is by far one of the worst I have encountered out of many I have taken.  I can't wait to be through with this class so that I never have to do one of these super long, aggravating assignments again.
mais palavras ignoradas
I think that some questions should be integrated from previous modules to help with the repitition in memorization.	
Don't like the program at all. 
I wish I would of used Learnsmart before taking my quiz. After doing a preview I was able to see how beneficial it may be before taking my quiz.	
I do not like that certain questions repeat themselves more than twice.  During each timeout their should be an option to continue with the material or have a few review questions on material that was not answered correctly. Then at the end of the program, a scoresheet should show which concepts the participant appeared to have trouble with.  In this manner, the Learnsmart system can expose weaknesses while strengthening already understood material.  	
these questions have absolutely no help with my understanding of the content. Yes it is relative to content but the book is much more useful. I don't like using learn smart because it is not in my learning style.
Very Effective if used properly	
So if anyone in upper management cares enough what a customer has to say, think of some R&D there. 
This gave me a good indicator of what I needed to study.	
all answers should be mutliple choice	
All the boxes look the same, and when moving quickly through the questions it's extremely easy to miss which questions are multiple answer, only select one, and miss the 3 other correct answers. It is ridiculous. Who thought it was a good idea to put the instructions box under the multiple answer in tiny text at the bottom of the problem?
The number of questions are a bit much maybe 25 would be ok? But  I do believe this is a good studying tool!	
Some of the questions are very ambiguous. For example, No smoking is allowed in this area, is an example of what? the correct answer was rule.
a única pessoa que eu amo é a seven
Cara pessoinha, você foi corna.
galinhas
Way too long. 110 questions for one chapter? Honestly.
fill in the blank questions suck
we should be able to save progress in learnsmart rather than do 10 questions and then 60 in a row	
To many questions
I felt the questions did not do a good job pertaining to the reading, but maybe i jsut didnt have a full understaning of the reading going into the questions.	
Questions that have multiple answers need to be more specific.	
funciona? talvez. vou verificar? não.
to many questions tho	
this does not help me pass my exam
more choices instead of fill in the blank 	
ei boy tu e corno namoral
um lindo gostoso que pega qualquer garota que ele quiser
sometimes learn smart won give me all the points for given answers when there is a typo, there could be a better way to grade this anwers or summit anwers	
make it easy	
when getting an answer wrong it would be nice if there was some type of demonstration problem that could be clicked on that it would demonstrate how to do the problem, instead of refrencing the page number of the book where we can find the answer.	
some of the questions are ambigious. Also, I don't recall comming across some of this info in the textbook.	
quero seu pinto
I learn a lot.	
Need a timer.	
I am doing this module with NO prior knowledge of this chapter.  It doesn't help to answer questions, and take a quiz on material I was not lectured on yet!  It just makes everything very confusing and unorganized!  
The type is too small, and there is no way to increase the size of the questions. Please provide a zoom feature or increase the size of the text. I'm not 18 anymore, and it's very hard to read the questions on my computer screen.	
way too long! Sittin in front of a computer screen for years
I think I like this system, its a really good way to review the chapters material and catch anything you might have missed in the reading.	
on questions with many possible answers or tables included in the question, make the formatting bigger! everything does not have to fit on the same size card
Try to make sure that for all andriods and smartphones that are capable of using the LearnSmart App are able to sync to the online Connect. This way, students like myself don't have to always use the computer, but they can also use their phones if they don't have any wifi for their computers around or even if they don't have any computers around at the time they go to study or perform assignments. If this problem can be solved, Learn Smart would earn so much more recognition and more than just 5 stars from me. Since this is a problem though, I give them 4.5 stars. :) I really enjoy it though...it really helps me learn! :D 	
The fill in the blank questions get me.  Sometimes I assume question is fill in the blank when it is not and I choose maybe.  If I percieve I have a choice of 5, I'm a lot more confident that I can choose and answer correctly, so I choose Probabaly or I know it, and then, Surprise!  its a fill in the blank that I might have to look up.	
afirmativo sua vadia puta
claro q dou !
Some repeats. It would be nice if it left off on the same card when you close and reopen the program. Some questions were trickily worded.	
I really need a tutor. 	
I would of liked more questions.	
Ele eh scrt
I enjoy the modules I have done on LearnSmart	
it's a very interesting chapter to review.	
My favorite part of this software is how it gives you the right answer when your get it wrong that way you can truly learn.  	
i really like this learning method. It forces you to learn the material thoroughly.	
Thought it was a waste of 30 bucks but it's great!	
This is the best software i've ever used to study new material.  Actually study the learnsmart material then go back and read the book.  Thanks to all those who helped fund, design, and create this Learnsmart technology!	
great way for me to learn!	
i hate this crap
Eu conheço pessoas que pagaram dez dólares por essas pulseiras. Aposto que eles se sentem muito estúpidos agora.
I wish I could hear more.  I tried to listen to the audio for the vocabulary and discovered the files are not there.  If you guys could fix that so that it doens't just say file not found that would be great!	
the ones i have gotten wrong are because i committed a typo or did not read the question carefully.	
I have found the modules to be a excelent preperation for the tests. I have been using them to review before test and have had great results remembering the materials come test time. 
If you want me to give you a survey offer me something.
would benefit from adding 2 chapters together to randomly study...many instructors give tests on more than one chapter.	
nao nao ja sou da camila
I find the LearnSmart quizzes to be extremely helpful - they've really become my best study aide in this course.	
Other than a few areas where synonyms should be considered, such as apariencia/aspecto, i thought this section was pretty good!	
I would like to know what is on the test before I take it and I don't know if this will be but I do enjoy doing these modules, its fun to learn new things and remember them!	
formatado tudo
to be honest, i just want to get the assignment completed. i dont mind if i get an answer wrong because that means i willl see it agian and learn from my previous mistake. I like how it does that, but what i dont like is how it asks if i want to take a break when i get multiple ones wrong in a row	
e voce é feminista
These assignments take a rediculous amount of time
selber *~*
Some of the questions are worded quite oddly, which makes the recall difficult for the fill in the blank. I have sent in feedback. Also there are some fill in the blank where several different words could be correct. If this is the case, you might consider a multiple choice instead.	
This is an effective way to study, but it is VERY time consuming. I could learn faster doing my own methods of studying, and being that this assignment is only worth 10 points it seems tedious and less important of a priority for me to finish weekly.	
volta pra senzala mlk
LearnSmart really helps me get a concept of what i KNOW i know and what i THINK i know. Lets me figure out which sections i should pay a little more attention to, and which sectionsi should occasionally practice to keep it fresh on my mind. PLUS the 'standings for you section' turns it into a friendly contest in which you want to have the most points and try to be the #1 in the standings. Makes me want to check this more and more to get more points.	
the questions are on the tip of my tongue but i cant think of them at the moment!! 	
cala boca macaco 
I find this to be quite innovative. 	
This is no WileyPLUS for sure! I actually learned the material with Wiley, don't understand why this software is being used.
pam anderson vai me amar.
i started negative 700 with only 35 questions instead of forty not sure why
If i get the question wrong atleast once and see the right answer it helps me remember it when asked again	
Not very well at learning chemistry.  I need to find ways to associate info with each other. Not something i use everyday. Hopefully the next chapters will be of more interest and more knowledgeable to me. 
so paz e alegria querida
volta pro zoológico porra
todos são lixos
Great program. I like the competition. 	
It would assist if you could print the assesment as a study aid. 	
Ele compila \: D /
vamos, sobre oque ?
Way to long. Time wasting, i see the point but its too time consuming. 
If the quesions are given in order that the topics are explained in the book, that would make it easier to leatn instead of jumping around. 
Você é idiota?
I find LearnSmart to be very helpful and when I use it for a class I tend to do better in classes where I don't use it.	
Uma gorda do baralho Fdp que se acha a fodona
There is some ambiguity with phrasing of the questions. 	
I really like this.  It helps me study especially if I do more than assigned.  If I see the same card two or three times I got it!	
This totally sucks. I feel that the questions are arbitrary. I feel very sorry for the poor Biology Major who had to stay up late writing this stuff.
This program is possibly the most poorly designed and useless educational tool I've ever encountered.
I just don't agree with some of the answers.  In the real world some of these things just don't happen.	
provide more feedback and explanations to why the answer is correct or wrong	
Some of the questions are too difficult
I like how LearnSmart brings up material I struggle with more than once.	
o que seu coração mandar 
yes
Vc também amor, te amo minha vida❤ Beijo
existe suicidio para bots?...
Sometimes some of the questions are tricky.	
We haven't covered this material yet.	
The current module is much better than other modules!	
BULLSHIT
I hate this thing, because when I realize I clicked the wrong one, it is to late and I cant freaking undue it
vsf doente vou lansar pra ngm n
On some of the fill in the blanks it seems like there can be multiple answers to put there. Not necessarily just the sentence answer that the book uses. I think that sometimes those questions should not be fill in the blank but the multiple choice where  you can pick from options.	
I enjoying these learning modules, very beneficial!	
they test how well you can find a specific word in the text not how well you understand the material. 
se sua mãe é thailandesa você é oq? brasileiro porra vc nasceu no brasil imbecil
quando preto é gente? r:quando batem na porta do banheiro e ele diz tem gente
Definetely a useful tool to study with. Allows the user to pin point questions and problem areas.	
I prefer to write out the answers rather than select from options, so more questions in which you write out the answers would be helpful. Writing the answer yourself really helps solidify how to conjugate verbs and memorize vocabulary.	
The Genovese effect is the proper term for the bystander effect. and it should be recognized as such.	
I take a long time to do this because it is hard to babysit and do the learnsmart activities	
Most of the questions are asking about back ground knowledge or trivial knowledge. I personally think the questions should be geared more towards the big picture and not some much as the intricacies. 
Mais ignorar
The phone app is a tool I wish I had for all my classes. Instead of playing games or texting when Im bored a just practice modules and it has made classes much easier.	
This helps me learn things that I would not have learned by reading alone. I think this type of study is definately helpful to me because I can learn through repetition and not get bored as I would reading repetitively.	
enjoy using this system it is useful and easy to understand	
relly helpful
such a great tool!	
Sometimes learnmart modules are not specific to the chapters they are covering. telling the student what form the answer is to be given in along with the question could help the student better gauge if they know the answer(yes), probably, maybe or no just guessing.	
I personally learn by Q & A and retaining incorrect answers.  As I proceed through the questions multiple times, I comprehend and retain the material.  	
beijos vida
The questions involving generalized descriptions of stoichiometry and determination of empirical formulae are a bit awkward and hard to visualize. I think it is more helpful to practice with specific examples. But most of the questions in this module are very helpful for gaining proficiency.	
I really think that learnsmart needs to decide what it wants to be: is it homework or is it practice flashcards? Currently, I think that it fails at both.
Não tem uma resposta para isso.
eh, deus está morto foda-se
Annoys me that you can't continue on unless answer is correct	
it takes much more than 30 minutes to complete these modules!	
learn Smart is awesome, you guys are really onto something with this format and I think this is the future of learning.	
For the first few questions or so,  I didn't realize I could check more than one answer so got the question wrong because I didn't select more than one answer.	
conflitos corrigidos (LOL merge -s our; push -f)
Leave me alone
I enjoy learnsmart because its a new way to review and its much better than having to read through the entire chapter again.	
Thnking about thequestion before hand is more diffcult. It would be better to know if the questions were multipule choice or fill in the black bacause that changes the likely-hood of me getting the question correct.	
This particular Learn Smart activity is interferring in studying time for our exam.	
this makes no sense to be in this chapter
I really enjoy this program and I truly feel as if it is helping me. The way my teacher has us do it is, do the online work, then come into class and learn his lecture reguarding the information we saw on the website previously. So I don't feel I fully know all of the material I went over becuase I have to go over once more with my teacher. Other than that, very cool. Thanks!	
It would be really helpful if the questions went with the book. I understand trying to trick us thats the name of the game.  But when i have the definition that has been provided in the book and it doesnt match, it really makes getting a solid understanding hard.
please stop asking the same question over and over in 20 different ways...	
It does appear that some of the questions are trick-questions.  That is, questions with misleading options for answers.  Also, it is sometimes unclear what the question is directly asking.	
wish it followed along with the chapter more so I can use learn smart while I'm learning the material	
LearnSmart is very insightful and helpful.	
não, por que você que sabe o caminho.
I think its a good study tool, i have my notes beside me incase i need help but for the most part, its a test to see what i remember and have learned.	
por que o kinder ovo é preto por fora e branco por dentro? r: porque se fosse preto roubava a surpresa
vai da o cu vai corno broxa
You have crappy customer service, I didn't pay a large sum to have my classmates suffer under the failures of the LearnSmart system and the service you provided to them over the phone.	
Some of the answers were marked wrong cause of capitilazation.
some questions are quite vague and are missleading 	
I think it would be nice if there was a feature for the teachers to use that they could go into each chapter and take out the questions they don't want us to be concerned about. I'm taking a lower level biology course so there have been many more in depth things the teacher has thrown out of our curriculum for this specific course. This would prevent us from wasting time on so many questions that we don't need to truly know for the test. I know with my instructor, she is a very hard tester so any extra time we could spare to actual study the things we DO need to know could be useful and less confusing. 	
Herpy dooves.
I think this is an excellent system, unfortuneately it is not correspomding too well to what I learn in my class. I wish there were more and that we were required to do them more often.	
This is stupid. Don't send me a popup to study every time i miss a fucking question.
More explanations as to why a question is right or wrong	
great program	
luhh you guys!	
A few times during the week i have tried to log in and server is busy or something during the evening.  Maybe there were a lot of people online but other than that I have had a good experience.	
I find that a number of questions that are asked on connect are not in the book which makes it difficult. 	
Ja pararam pra pensar que o lucas combina com toda garota do grupo??
the main issue I have with this program is having to answer how sure I am of my answer with every single question.  It just adds a step that is absolutly unneccessary to the student and quite frustrating!  	
cala boca sua puta
I like the format of LearnSmart and find it useful as a study aid.  It reinforces the material and sometimes helps conceptualize ideas in the textbook I may not have fully grasped at first.	
it helps me figure out what i need to study more of in my book.	
My first time using im getting caught off guard with some of the things from my outline. I'm taking my time cause I'm also adding these cards to my phone as flashcards to review laying down. VERY HELPFUL I LOVE this system. As a student I don't care how long I take at home as long as I'm getting all the material correctly into my brain.	
i feel like its a waste of time, i already know most of this stuff its not helping me what so ever..
I love your program, I just wish I had more that just my computer to talk to.  I'm not learning the content without using it in the real world.  I;ve never even met my professor.
It is redundant
Make sure your read your options and rules completely before choosing a final answer. Some allows multiple answers, others only allow one click without a chance to change or rethink a question.	
Mas o que ser havaiana tem a ver com ser como uma garota emo em seu período?
I think there should be more questions before you get a 100%.  	
se diz protetora dos animais mas não libera essa periquita ai
Very useful and helpful website, great for additional studying and learning of the material.	
oxi,oxi alaa
Language is meaningless without context, and learning without personal initiative is medieval. Your coercive garbage of language instruction will one day be shown to be as barbaric as lobotomies. In essence, you and your company lobotomize curiosity, passion, and personal initiative.
good study method	
It frequently asks questions that are not covered in the chapters at all.	
beijos,coração 
As I search in the ebook looking for things that correlate to the questions I can not seem to find the same material layed out
Good things! I like it.	
Less fill in the blank and more MC.	
I'M NOT IN AN ONLINE CLASS. I'M ONLINE. DO YOU GET WHERE I'M GOING WITH THIS?	
I like the effiecent chapters where there is only 60-55 questions..	
I like the repeating of questions every so often. It really helps to remember the correct answer if I had gotten it wrong before. And the explaining of the right answer really helps as well. Keep it up!	
tooooooooo many questions	
This stuff is great. You can do it until you learn the material without worry of getting points taken off.	
Estudiar mas con frecuencia.	
I do not like the time out it gives you but i do like the refrences to the book pages	
I wish the questions were organized in the order of the instructors form for tests in order accurate percentages 	
pode paulista no gp adm?
On the question about prenatal programming, it said that the answer was Parental Programming but in the book it state Prenatal.	
On some of the questions I didn't know how to do no information on how to solve was provided. It would be extremely helpful that on all the questions that require you to solve for a number would come with an explanation.	
segurança adicional.
kkkkk capotei
I read the material in the text, yet some of these questions seem foreign to me.	
I am certainly learning, but the process is very tedious and frustrating at times.	
Uau, boa noite.
This says It took me 26 minutes, but that's not correct. I've been on here for over an hour.	
My computer skills are poor.  Next time hopefully it will go faster.	
Não fala isso
The learn smart really does not help me learm the material.
eu odeio todos vocês e desejo que todos tenham uma morte dolorosa e cruel que sofram ate o último segundo de suas vidas 💞
I'd appreciate if the LearnSmart would explain the correct answer and the reason my answer was incorrect. However, I enjoy the method of learning through this	
You guys make it difficult, not because they are, but because your wording doesn't make sense at times.
The fill in the blank questions are awful.... language is highly dependant, and unless you are looking for the precise definition of a specific word, the answer you are looking for for these questions can be very subject to interpretation.	
Nenhuma mudança feita
ERR Er ERR Er  EERrrrRRRr	
more information displayed in response to a right or wrong answer would be helpful in learning the material.	
Some of the questions seem to be worded strange.	
mas eu quero
b. The confidence level questions are worthless. I either get the question wrong or right. How I feel about it makes no difference. And it is ANNOYING to have to answer this damn question for EVERY SINGLE QUESTION!!! At least give an option to do away with this.
learn smart is dumb and not at all helpful. it is supposed to be interactive, but most often is frustrating
Instead of asking all 100 plus questions in one sitting it should be broken into several different assignments. doing smaller amounts many times over is usually more affective as far as retaining information than cramming it all in on one session. Repetition is proven to be the most effective way of learning.	
im forced to do this for a grade I dont like it much, its not my way of studying, but it is a good study tool, I think it is way too much and the questions are way harder then what is on the exams, but i can say because of learn smart I have inporved my test scores. now do i get somthing free for steping away from my studys durning finals week and giving you my feedback ? I'm serious, no Im not...... actually I am. ;)	
great way to learn and study material	
I love this method of studying.  Even though it takes extra time, I think stopping to assess whether I actually know the answer, may know the answer, or am unsure of the answer helps me process the material even more than just clicking and guessing at the answers.	
this learn smart thing is annoying im really just making the best guess, i would rather just take a test to see what i know and then learn stuff later
I hope this module is a reflection ofwhat to expect on homework assignments, quizzes, and exam materials. My sincere graditude.	
Asking how sure I am of an answer is annoying. It is just another step I have to do before I can answer. The transition animations also slow down the process. I find this system cumbersome
My professor has us use learn smart before we've learned the material.
tá bom
el trem td 2 passa nada cv ✌🏻✌🏻🚂🚂
Great source. I understand the need for repeating material, but some of the terms seemed to pop up over and over again.	
It is really important because the questions are based on the contents of the course, and these questions are really important,otherwise said, well composed. as an international student that I am, I am really glad to learn fast with a good and new system.	
some of the questioning is very passive in language and doesn't help me get right to the heart of what i'm trying to learn	
if i can do the problems in the homework, what is learnsmart doing other than wasting my time?
None, thanks!
do Miranda
I really enjoy that LearnSmart intertwines the wrong questions back in with the ones that have already been answered!	
This is very effective and a great learnig tool. 	
I hate your website and your book, so much useless information, a waste of my time.
in ch 1 learn smart i did not feel that the questions prepared me for the test.	
I love being able to make mistakes, see the corrections right away and continue practicing. For me, the ability to repeat and return to go again really helps clarify what is right and what is wrong. I find the repetitiveness very inducicve to learning as oppossed to simply memorizing. This process helps things become more clear and more confidently correct each time I repeat the exercises. I quickly get to where I simply knowthe words rather than trying to memorize. The immediate, correct feedback is very reassuring and very confidence building. My confidence will raise to extremely-confident after my third session here. 	
Some of the questions are not related to the book. Example, in Chapter 3 it asked the percentage of hispanics in the US, the correct answer was 15% but I could not find that in the chapter.	
i fucking hate this LearnSmart for this book.  The questions are quite obscure half of the time.  Even after reading the chapter a couple times, many questions are not covered in the chapter, so a guess is required.  Poor writing all around.  I don't mind the homework part.  That part makes sense, and is more intuitive.
verdade, besta
I really don't like the analysis of my study habits by asking how well I think that I know the answer. They didn't take into account that I don't give a shit about what the system thinks that I do and don't do well. I'm taking the class because it's required and it really just takes time away from when I could be doing things that are important, like chemistry and calculus, and engineering. Instead, I'm answering obvious questions that everyone in this world almost automatically knows.
Very hard questions, usually have to stretch to find an answer and not usually presented in the book	
Wording.	
These modules are still being very effective in helping me learn all the material in the chapter. I was skeptical at first, but they really help speed up my learning. 	
TODO: Substituir stubs
maybe 1 out of 10-20 questions might have some difficulty but its good	
I feel like some material is not covered equally in the module.  For example, the chapter 5 module contains very few questions about cytoskeletal filaments, which is a section that I have not retained very well.	
I understand the problems, but in the context of the class and the exercise, I find that it lacks any discipline or use in learning new things.
pular para 0.0.3-dev: wq
Would rather read the book and write an essay.
this questions in this module are not found in the book or chapter materials
some questions had the wrong set of options for answers	
se você não está usando et, vai se foder
algo
questions are not relevant to professors teachings!	
this tool is very useful for de class	
The moduals would be much more helpfull if they were based off of a abcd test format. If one gets it wrong then a pop up should come up explaining why the correct answer is not what you picked, and why the answer picked was not the correct answer. Even if one gets the correct answer they should be given an option that allows one to read a short abreviated explaination from the book. I've used other modules that way and they are extreamly helpfull
I like connect quizzes and find them helpful for learning the information.	
this is a very good study tool i think. it helps alot because you get a good over view of the chapter and helps you learn what you need to know.	
The questions themselves might not be so difficult, but it's been a while since I've touched the material from the earlier chapters so sometimes the basics are challenging.	
I like how the questions repeat if you missed them, that way it gives you a second chance to get the answer right.	
i had to make a chart of different demand and supply examples and things went alot better	
needs better ways to study before taking assignments ,more options and study material 
Needs a better way to flag questions	
apagar o que?
I love using LearnSmart	
Quero matar o Kill por nao fazer sexo cmg hoje
ok *pega uma arma anti-Dark* irei mata-lo.
I really like this learn smart.. it is very helpful and has certainly helped me emphasize on some things and have a better understanding of things	
leansmart doenst teach shit.
LearnSmart does help to learn the material, but the questions are very poorly written. It is often very hard to find the relevent information in the book.	
Great Job!	
took me awhile to get used to this program, as it is my first time to use it	
Seu pau
There are some questions that tend to misleading, and no matter which anwswer I choose I always get them wrong.	
While working on question over and over, i kind of know exactly what each subject or business means and how it works.	
didn't fit the best with the book material 	
consertar / suspirar
its great i love it I dont think I would change anything:)	
this is a huge waste of time a studen could be sitting here forever because the counter only goes down after you get an item right  who would want to sit here for hours trying to do that
Learn Smart is a very good study tool to prepare for exams, and just to learn the material and retain it.	
1. e4
Waste of time.  Better to use the text and study how I learn best, not how a computer program prompts me to learn.  Get rid of this module and let the teacher create a study plan that we study as the students see fit and works best for them.
Some of the questions and terms in LearnSmart are not connected to the chapter in the textbook LearnSmart is covering and sometimes not in any of the chapters in the text book at all.	
The questions that begin with just a statement, such as The Bill of Rights... and then show the answer choices on the other side, are not really questions unless I can see the answer choices first.	
Love it; I like being able to quiz myself and improve my understanding of the material using test form.	
The questions would not be so difficult if the book and the web site contained the same information or the information at all for that matter
sim eu como tijolo 
I have also used the Cengage website for their tutorial and yours blows them out of the water! I love LearnSmart and think it is very effective.	
Eu sinto Muito.
it's fun, almost like a video game	
sometimes the answers dont match-up perfectly and it is still counted wrong even though I was right	
Some of the wording of the questions are very difficult to understand.	
you should shorten the amount of time that it takes to complete the quizes, maybe do 25 questions becuase its to time consuming.	
LearnSmart takes up way too much time!
The material is not difficlt it just doesn't make sense with the questions being asked.
I feel like the learning module makes one aware of not only the class but about their health as well.	
The questions don't match up with the reading.
Quero lindo 
Great module! Every class should utilize this!	
I think some of the questions are oddly worded, especially when you are asked to pick the best and there are multiple answers.   I believe I had the same question twice that had contradictorary answers, but since I didn't write it down I can't be sure.  A few other questions/answers also seemed a bit inconsistent. I would say the difficulty level varies wildly among questions.   Thank you.   	
que pau mixuruca o seu 
twas good	
This program needs to be restructured, and function more like ALEKS, which is way more beneficial.
I ran into a question regarding steric strain/van der Waals strain that I believe should have accepted either van der Waals strain or steric strain as the answer, but it would only take one and I got the question partially wrong because of it. Other than that, everything was fine	
fun way of learning!	
Great study tool.	
The difficulty question is tricky since when I know the material the questions are not difficult as opposed to when I do not know the material. I enjoy that the Think Smart program presents some questions I had not thought of in that perspective or of that question in general. Even when I know the material well there will be a few questions I have to think about. I enjoy being able to guess and then learn the concept presented. In this way this program is able to increase my understanding of the presented subject. Overall I think this program is very helpful. Thanks for the time and effort it took to bring this quality to us.	
I hate this program, your questions are poorly written and your website is buggy as hell.
makes my life harder by having to re do questions over and over	
sim ele qer vc e n admite
The more difficult questions are typically written in a confusing/misleading manner, but otherwise it is challenging without being frustrating or a waste of time.	
falha c & p
I think it's a very good learning tool. The questions make you think.	
I hate this class. I'm gonna kill myself.
why do I have to click4 times to answer one quention!!!	
It would be great for certain answers to expand on why it is that answer and not the answer you picked. For example, some of the questions ask about things that were not taught in the chapter. There should be a tutorial (after the wrong answer is picked, or even if the right answer was picked) to explain how the correct answer is obtained.	
lay out of the material on  BB is very hard To many links to open for each assigment.	
Fazer um teste mal escrito pode levar mais dez anos
* It should automatically update with the site/ and or group work
online homework doesn't teach anyone anything. It is just another way for companies like yours to rob students of their parents money. Hope you die in a ditch Mc-Graw Hill.
Definitely add in if the question has one or more answers before we say how confident we are
Tudo consertado.
the questions on the quizes are a heck of a lot harder. Half of them are trick questions and things I don't know and did not understand at all. 	
The questions take an awfully long time to load...	
sua buceta e enorme demais, msm q eu pedisse foto n caberia na tela
biggest source of errors are reading errors due to word play more then lack of knowlage of subject matter
I will try my best to do the best job I can do in learning more about nutrition. I will continue to practice and study each chapter.
You shouldn't have to answer the questions correctly to finish the assignment. this gives the test taker the incentive to finish quickly by researching the questions on the internet or with a book open.  It should be out a set number of questions with the option of retaking the assesment and then having a quiz that covers the same topics with different (not harder) questions.  	
some questions need re-writing.  They led me to think that there were multuple answers, and I couldn't pick the right one because so many of them would fulfill the answer under the right circumstances.  make sure questions are very clear. 	
Jozsef
This Is hands down the worst excuse for an academic exercise I have ever seen in my life.
jsbjsajshdjbjdv
I do not think these modules help at all. You spend all your time just trying to get it done instead of learning.
Nothing that i can think of	
I like this program, and I think it will especially help during the next lecture. But I feel it may be a little too long.	
eu te amo muito sabia? 💞💞 você e muito especial pra mim
* hypothetically if I was using your product for two courses I would absolutely hate the fact that I would have to(I cant space this)-->logout  to access the other book.
prefer multiple choice	
The answers the book provided do not match the answers on the module in several cases
some of the questions are stupid because they are looking for a word that you would never guess unless you found the exact same sentence in the book  	
This was really helpful in remembering all the stuff i learnt in class.	
It's not this module, but the other ones are extremely long and time consuming. I'm struggling to get it all done.	
Some of these questions man...	
fodase n ligo
Melhor commit de todos
I just hope this matches up with the exam and is a good use of my time	
its not too helpfull
Some of the questions need to be made clearer. For example, I was asked what hormones the testes produce and estrogen was an option. I was taught the testes do produce small amounts of estrogen. If the question had asked which hormones the testes primarily produce the answer would have been made easier to choose.	
It would be nice to have a question box, so we can ask questions and LearnSmart can help us with the problems were having.	
I dig it.	
Fair. Some of these free-responses suck. Some are a little more lenient with spelling, and for some it's simple semantics, and synonyms.	
When geting a question wrong explain why the answer was wrong and where to find it in the book.	
There are way too many questions for each chapter. 100 questions is too much. 40 questions would be a fair amount and students would actually learn the material better.  100 questions is absurd for the amount of information in one chapter.
I think these ( answers ) for a question of yours is wrong,,, which of the following is an EXAMPLE of a circadian rhythm?blood pressure, body temperature and blood sugar levels, are NOT examples of circadian rhythms in my mind.	
The help when you answer somehing wrong, does not help at all it just gets even more confusing.
deixa o meu trampo acabar
this is a very good way to get get to students to learn on their spare time,...........thanks	
very useful	
the
Fill in the blank is tough...	
With more studying through LearnSmart I have no doubt my knowledge of the subject will increase.	
Individual modules can be too long and quite time consuming.	
i like this way of studying 	
o timao
learn smart is a good way to pratice 	
%name% tem %battery% gays no grupo
coming from no spanish at all, these are tough, are instructor is yet to go over these type of questions
Thanks....
Very easy to use and is very fun!	
it's a lot of questions to focus on for the full amount of time	
Corrigir string [objeto Object] codificada (obrigado!)
Oi bb mais linda do mundo
i hate spanish
Vamos sim gatinha
I get too many of the smae questions after I have answered them correctly a number of times.  I would like more advance questions after I do well on those I know.	
parce que jtaime clarisse ♥
SometimesI walk away from it. So is it timed sessions?	
Error in one of the questions....one that said rank the top 5 deaths for all americans.  The table (table 1.2) is listed on page 3.  Its answers are different than the answers on the module. 	
Questions often vague and question types need to be simplified.
Very helpful in learning by asking us possible test questions! Helps by learning in question/answer style instead of just reading out of the book. I wish I had this in more classes!	
I wish more books and classes offered learnsmart as a resource as it is a good way to go over the main ideas without simply reading material over and over.	
I wish I would have taken this before the quiz like I as supposed to, but I forgot.	
You guys make A LOT of the questions very different from how the book teaches me. I am being honest when I say that the LS almost makes you come into it with the expectation of already knowing the material by memory. Keep in mind that you need to make the questions similar to the sample probems in the text
We should be able to have a designated number of questions answered correctly instead of going off of points or a timed system. I use the LearnSmart module for a couple other classes and having a designated number of correct answers, for example 40 or 50, seems to be more than efficient and effect for this sort of module. I began feeling discouraged after learning how long I have spent working on one homework assignment.	
Learn smart is great!	
Images are hard to see on a small screen. A zoom function would help instead of mousing over	
Too long. If you miss the question just skip it. Dont make us sit here for hours until we get it right. We have other things we have to do and get accomplished. Thanks 
I like learn smart very much.	
you do a good job at making sure core ideas are understood by repeating questions but you should implement scenarios like the logic cases but less comprehensive on the learnsmarts	
I am very happy with the changes that have been made in the study tools. A few semesters ago none of this was available. Well done!	
I like it but it would benifit the students more if it was put into a real life example. Possiblily an experience someone has, integrate the delima into the problem	
It is like a game. I like the score to keep me motivated. 	
não sei
You guys are too specific, this is a 101 class, the basics are fine for the test, many classmates are getting fed up with how indepth the questions are. 
This way of learning doesn't help me at all. 
Messi claro
LearnSmart really helps!	
Loving LearnSmart so far!	
I'm teaching myself this stuff because the teacher won't	
É claro que não é nossa paternidade. Nos somos demais.
It just takes to much time 2 or 3 hours... I'd rather spend that reading my text book... 
Chapter three is simply difficult for me.	
stop the Local Storage pop-up!!!!!  it is annoying, and when I click on deny it has accidentally submitted an incorrect answer several times.	
tentei te esquecer mas n tem jeito
I find learnsmart is great to learn the material however the quizes seem to cover other material and especially more formula's than what the learnsmart prepares one for. 	
Some questions were repeated.	
it's helping me remember what I learned 25 years ago	
this is really helping me feel like I know the content.  Better than just reading the chapter and lecture.	
It's a pretty website, but work out the kinks. As a student, learning the material is hard enough without all these issues. Feel free to contact me if you need clarification. zachary.hlavinka@gmail.com
Great Program, you should try to implement this with books of all subjects	
Sometimes learnsmart goes over material we haven't learned in class and it makes no sense.
Some questions are worded confusingly. 
I believe that you should accept multiple words. For example I said checmical composition rather than chemical properties and it was counted as incorrect. Essentially they mean the same thing and are both correct. Therefore you should allow synonyms so as to not anger or discourage anyone.  	
I really dont believe that this is a helpful learning tool, it is more frustrating than anything else.  It usually feels like a waste of my time, it wouldnt be as bad if there wasn't so many questions these modules need to be cut in half or cut down by 75% -too long, very in effective
i love learn smart!	
The timing is not even close to accurate - I can spend hours and it effects the total time left in minutes. I have spent much more than 2.5 hours on this lesson.	
This has got to be the best and most effective class I have taken so far. I love this connect site!	
Some questions have clear misspellings and/or grammatical/punctuation flaws. 	
This is not helpful at all. Waste of time
simmmm
Far too many trick questions or vague ones with multiple possible answers the way its asked. Its not really difficult, so much as hard to find the answer the test is looking for.
além de gado... é gado
<---This guy hates flash cards
LearnSmart is very useful and help. There are some materials that I could not understand until I use the module. I really enjoyed using it. All I need to do now is to study harder.
Eu sou ainda mais estúpido do que pensei
instead of asking for definitions. describe scenarios where we would have to figure out wht the answer is	
this is dumb. we shouldn't be asked all these questions about the chapter before we've learned anything about it
I think that this is a good way to study.  HAving a seet of questions that we had to complete though would be more helpful. I feel like I am memorizing answers to things and then getting them right, not really learning what it is.	
Definitely helpful.  I'm glad my teacher is requiring this!  It's a good tool to help students learn the material and remember it.  	
More explanations for wrong answers? Or a comment sections where people can post their questions while others can answer them.	
This is the most fun I've ever had learning anything..... ever.	
taken 1.5 hours to do 31 questions
Some of the questions are just worded oddly.	
I would like to have more feedback as to why the answer is right and maybe make more connectiosn to other material that is related to a specific question.	
First time looking at the material	
pfv confiram se o Lucas ta vivo
this is the ridiculous program i have ever used.  It is completely useless!
The homework is difficult and asks more specific questions than most quizzes but is helpful as a study tool 	
I take this course completely online.  I am able to grasp the concepts much better when I do these questions versus reading the chapter.  	
organizational skills are needed. dont have me jumping all over the chapter to find stuff. make it all one after another in order	
The way some of the wuestions are worded is very confusing. 
This section has had less fill in the blank questions which I feel is a better study guide than the fill in the blanck method.	
i can never find the content in the chapter, but i guess i am probably expected to read the chapter first then complete the learn smart but it helps me learn better to look the answers up as i go	
Its the first education program I've used that doesn't suck.	
You should not put two of the same answers to a question ...such as cranial nerve VII and the number 7!  They are the same thing...whin all of the other answers were in roman numeral form and the number stood out by itself...so I did not pick it as I thought all of the cranial nerve answers would only be counted in roman numeral form and I got that answer wrong...so I really did not like that!	
I wish the word problems would explain more how to do the problem after I get it wrong.	
The quizzes provided by McGraw-Hill are not related at all to the LearnSmart modules provided by McGraw-Hill.
If possible, try to build in a few answers for the fill in the blank questions to take into account quantity (apple vs apples) etc, as well as common spelling errors	
God.....what a jolly FUN game.....(Im laying on the sarcasm pretty thick)
I like how it repeats previously missed questions! I feel like this really helps me to learn the correct answer.	
I worked for 4+ hours before starting the testing process. This included reading the open ebook. As we are using a different text book, some of the topics aren't covered in our book, but I was able to find the information using the open ebook. Searching the ebook was a bit cumbersome. I didn't understand the terminology p4, etc. I would assume if we used that book I would understand the layout and find the answers to questions more easily. 	
I like how this shows the correct answers, then has the questions again that I missed at a later time to see if I remember.	
The LearnSmart module has been very helpful to me so far. It has enhenced my knowledge on items I didn't know and retouched on some I have known. The program seeks to serve well toward my goal of learning all of the material in the up coming weeks in Speech 101.	
Another part that bugs me is that you will often expect us to know lines from the book word for word in order to answer questions but will occasionaly switch around the wording to some questions. This adds a level of difficulty and frustration to this that is completley unnessecary.
chttp://connect.mcgraw-hill.com/class/c_denizman_geol_1121_a_e)
some questions i really dont feel i am getting a correct answer from that particular chapter. I am having to use additional resources, so it's a little frustrating. Thats what takes so much time. But I do like these modules.	
I am finally getting the hang and have figured out to just keep going with this connect thing.....Earlier I thought it was just a repetitive and never ending PRACTICE	
Sometimes the questions are phrased so that they do not make sense, or are far too vague, to the point where I'm not sure what the question is asking.	
not a fan off the continued attempts to access adobe flash and store info on my computer without cited reason..	
Way too many questions to complete. It is discouraging when the questions are never ending.	
i like the program, im a tough grader--- but i think you can appreciate it seeing as how your system operates :) p.s. some of the wording chosen is poor on the fill-in-the-blank questions	
Conto bebe
in class we were given incorrect information on efferent and afferent nerves. the actual meanings were the reverse of what we were taught in class 
I don't like how the problems are worded, as if to trick me into thinking I dont know that answer. The wording of a question should not decide wheather or not I know the content.	
Maybe if this was half as long, I wouldn't have such a hard time sticking with it and finishing it in one sitting instead of taking breaks ever 10 minutes.	
We have way too much homework
um lixo, falso , com uma mãe puta que nem ele, talarico e pau de 12 cm 
ai vai mais rápido e com força ah ah ah goza que eu gosta eu fico pulando no seu pau grande e grosso para ser mais rapido
It should not take this long to complete each module.	
I believe that there are far too many questions in Learnsmart. Also, the content of Learnsmart doesn't always match the content of the book. 
I am now becoming more aware of the most efficient form of studing. I was reading the book more, as apposed to going over the notes, chapter objectives, and daily time on connect. Thank you.	
i feel like I go through the information fast and sometimes I feel that I will not retain the information after I get don't with the learnsmart module. Altough the modules do bring to light some information that Iread over but didn't write down and I really like that because it fills in the gaps. 	
These questions are purely on a definiton basis.  The more important ideas are to compare acids and bases of a more complex nature and determine the relative strenghs of acidity or basicity based on their structure.  Not purely memorized information.  The pure memorization leads to boring and thoughtless clicking of answers rather than being challenging and informative.
I really like that I can go back and do more activities!	
Get rid of it, it does no benefit to me,
Learn Smart has helped me understand what I am learning in my accounting class to a whole new level. I've never used anything like this before in any of my classes and I just love it. I feel that I am getting the most out of my accouting class bcecause of Learn Smart. 	
This helps alot, I think you should make a combined module of all the chapters studied so far so we can study for a test.	
desistiu e usou tabelas.
I think I have to learn more on how to work with the learn smart system.  I think I started off wrong and was not understanding what I was suppose to be doing.	
I really enjoy this way of doing homework!	
I demand way more of my self and the knowledge I seek. When there are falsehoods that are not questioned because the environment of learning is one of trust, I get offended when I can spend 5 minutes and discover its illusion, and not encouraged to do so. I understand the principle of hypotheticals, but switching into hypotheticals and vacuum scenerios is just plan wreckless. This is suppose to prepare the future leaders of my community, and allowing propaganda, falsities, and unchallenged concepts de-values my efforts to better my self, my community and the value of my instittution. 
Just doing a bunch of problems in a row helps me memorize things and organize things for the test. Learnsmart is helping me study for the test.	
I wish it went more along with what my teacher taught	
Although I think LearnSmart is a great tool for learning, I wish the problems would match up better with the information in my book. I find myself looking through the entire chapter neumerous times only to find the information not so helpful with the problem. I wish they matched up better. 	
Didn't realize what i was really doing in the first module but i understand the procedure now and not only hope the first module doesnt effect my grade but i also intend on using this program for the rest of the semester.	
Sim, claro que sim, todos sabem quem é..
I love you mama!!!!<3
I think learn smart should be used in my other classes as well. I believe it truly helps me retain information and learn from my prior mistakes without getting points deducted from my score.	
no hints are given
Some of the questions are not lining up well with the text, with slight word variations making answering very tedious.	
tua mãe e uma cadela ne?
We should have the opportunity for a second chance on the questions we answered incorrect or made a silly error on. And when answered incorrectly a better explanation or mini-lesion pops up and gives us the option of telling us what we did wrong, what we need to do to fix it, and how we can remember the correct concept or way illustrated in the question. If the same or similar question is answered correctly the second time around we should be awarded a full redemption or half of the points offered for that particular question given. We shouldn't get the Redemption Question, (the second question asked in redemption for points), directly afterward.  Instead, the Redemption Question would be inserted at a random position throughout the deck of questions remaining. This would further reinforce the correct answers and concepts to the questions we have trouble with rather than being corrected and not knowing if we the students have fixed the problem or not.
only wish i had realized i could chose more than one answer before i missed one	
These questions are so tricky that you get confused even if you know the material. I don't have time to actually read the material because of these long assignments.
Teste em andamento;)
I like using LearnSmart. It helps me to remember what I have read and pay better attention.	
Reverter apenas testando, lembre-se de reverter
These questions are going right along with what we are learning in class!!  This is a great tool and only serves to reenforce everything.  I love it!	
I do not like how if you miss a question, you still have the same amount of questions left to complete until you answer a question right.	
I made the mistake of watching Monday night football while doing my last module tonight.  :(	
Sometimes the questions are ambiguous and I am nit sure what exactly a question is asking for. (e.g. a process or a part)	
i think you should be able to skip a question and come back to it because it is frustrating when you dont know one have to sit here trying to figure it out for 20 min instead of just being able to move on and come back to it.	
This program will be very helpful for test preparation! It has opened to my eyes to how hard i need to study for my first test in this class.	
One question had a wrong answer.  Answer should be Carl Rogers it said Carol Rogers.	
LearnSmart is very helpful!	
It is insanely unprofessional to have a pop up window that continuously asks to use my memory to store your companies information just because I have to use this software for my education.
Learn Smart has been a very helpful tool for studying.	
LearnSmart is cool if you just want to learn how to answer specific types of questions.  It is harder to get a sense of the big picture, but the homework assignments do an okay job to make up for that.
manda nuds suas gostosa
Sometimes it is a strange structure to the questions that impedes my ability to asses my knowledge.	
The learnsmart modules are very helpful. However, the fill in the blank long things that aren't the flashcard portion of homework take forever.	
As someone who, unfortunately, is not the best studier, or reader of textbooks, doing this homework is good studying. I appreciate the ability to correct questions you've gotten wrong.	
Não eu te odeio
Learnsmart really doesn't do anything for me, it is only beneficial to me because it is an easy way to 100% on a good portion of my assignments. I don't read the book before practicing, and I continue to guess on all the questions until I finally finish the stack. After that, I do not use learn smart at all. I learn better by reading the book on my own, and learn smart is just another BS thing that I have to do in class, and is overrated by your company. If the modules were not required or graded, I would never use them.
you fucking money sucker. fuck you. 
Bem mano e você.?
i still got to work on not going so fast, and focusing.
I had a connect class before this one and i had to do like 80 items per session and by that point I wasnt learning anything. 	
im hungry!!
so boring.  so many questions. soooooo boring.
Some of the questions you would think to write a different answer.  My response is that LearnSmart should try to explain in a little more detail so no students will come up with the wrong answer.	
I forgot that it was being timed, so I just left it running during meals at the Z6. I'm sure other people have made the same mistake, so please consider this before making any important speculation on a student's grasp of the course material based on the amount of time taken to complete the module.	
Some of these questions seem unimportant. Such as the one about the types of fur the Clergy wore and so on.	
I hate learn smart it is the worst thing ever. I am not in grade school anymore this is not the way to teach college level courses. 
i didnt use my time wisely i didnt know i was being timed	
Apparently, I did not understand the re-questioning part of this segment.
more multiple choice or give the option to have only mult or only fill in the blank to what the students test will look like for them	
Fique com ele e seja trouxa mais uma vez
I think this is a great way to actually help students learn the material rather than just giving them a grade on their homework from last night	
On the problems that involve having to work the problems out it would be helpful if it showed how to work them out instead of just the answer so we can use that to study by.	
Love the leaderboard system	
quem me marcou deu a bunda pro bunny
I feel as if the LearnSmart module is a fun interactive way of learning. It helps with the conceptual stuff which is essentially the core to Organic Chemistry. This system should definitely be implemented in Chemistry courses abroad and comes highly recommended. 	
Overall Learnsmart modules are tedious and time consuming for my learning style. 
Unnecessarily time-consuming
Please be more specific in asking your questing especially on the true or false type of questions. There is a lot of vagueness in your questions.	
great option for studying tool as an addition to textbooks and notes.  the animation allows for me to stay focus and it engages making me more involved in actually learning the material	
Too lengthy	
pao de queijo tem bct rosinha
I like this study method	
This sucks I spend about 3 hours on this, and pretty much guess every time
gozei no guilherme 
so questions too vague	
I would like if they would keep repeating the questions that I get wrong, because seeing it more than once really helps me remember it. But of course, the question should show up after about 6-10 questions and not right after...	
Isso não me importa.
Some questions could be re-worded.  Also, I got one wrong (almost correct) for omitting a hyphen from post-closing (I wrote post closing), this is silly; no professor in his or her right mind would ever deduct for that because it's not wrong or even almost wrong.  The interface is great but some content issues exist (i.e. questions whose scope do not narrow possible answers to one correct response).  This is frustrating in a program that counts toward/against a grade point average.	
This is a useless waste of my time. I would rather you guys at McGraw connect just provided a super condensed note sheet with every useful fact from the chapter that would allow us to memorize the most useful information as fast as possible. This could supplement relevant questions which you would provide to help us memorize these facts so we don't have to horrifically memorize them by rote, and so you guys can have a job.
I like it. Some times if the answers are too long I get confused and most times can't remember the question after I'm done. But if they are compact I will usually remember in class or during the quiz.	
I love this type of learning. When I do this activity, the information seems to stick in my memory better. 	
To be honest I really hate this program its just busy work, aka what Highschool is all about. this is not the way people should be learning things this is the way smart people think stupid people should learn things. I could tell you the easy way to learn things but thats my money making idea not yours, because at the end of the day yours is no better than a crappy Highschool class.... Cheers
#Nazista da gramática
eu so queria ter um corpo...o que vocês pensam sobre a morte se ela tivesse muito proxima de voces?
It's a great method of studying and absorbing the information.	
i think that learnsmart asks too many question, it also repeats questions, which in my opinion i feel is unneccessary.	
This is the most poorly worded lesson module I have ever experienced. I chose very difficult for this very reason. Horrible program.
This thing is terrible. Please keep tricking students, ruining our nights, and pissing us off.  You've convinced me that Financial Acccounting is the cause of all terrorism in the world.  Congratulations.  By the way, thanks for giving me more than the regularly assigned 40 questions all year.  I really appreciate not being treated fairly, especially after several attempts to fix it.  I hope McGraw-Hill ceases to exist on this Earth.  Like tomorrow everyone comes to work, and the building just isn't there. No record of its existence, it just disappears from all thought and being.  That's what I wish after completing this LearnSmart Module.
Getting through the module takes to much time due to the number of questions.  	
O código estava limpo até que o gerente pediu para foder tudo
it seems like a game which is pretty interesting to study while imagining to play a game against our fellow classmates	
melhor código
I wish you'd make more challenging questions.	
I think the how well do you know the answer prompt before the question is pointless.  I have entered very well for all of them	
Sometimes how the questions are worded throw me off.	
hoje
TAM TAM TAM
Rewrite everything in this entire section not even close to the book. Did you not even bother to read the whole chapter. horriable program thanks for wasting my money
I really enjoyed doing this LearnSmart because it brings challenges and it is well organized.	
Fill in the blank questions are sometimes hard to guess what answer they are looking for. 	
Fill in the blank doesn't help	
the timer seems too short for me and im panicking to find the answers if i dont know them off the top of my head. you have so many tricky worded questions and a time limit chasing me i cant even look at my notes and find that section in the book before ive wasted alot of my time	
these questions are monotonous.  after reading the chapter, only 20 or so questions would be necessary for me as a reinforcement.  way too time consuming, and i haven't learned anything i didn't already learn from reading the chapter.
This is helpful and aids me in focusing on what I should be focusing on more. Thank you. 	
This type of learning is a waste of my time.
compared to inclass work this is far more difficult.  
gREAT pRODUCT	
Sometimes it is difficult to tell if items should be ordered top to bottom or bottom to top whever it doesn't specify.	
Sim claro minha vidaaa ❤❤❤
When things that aren't covered in the class come up (and we aren't supposed to know) they enlongate the session and provide negative feedback that isn't necessary. It also distracts and focuses on the questions that are unimportant for our classwork.	
This is a great learning tool! It has helped me to remember a lot of things that I would most likely have forgotten. The random repeated questions were an excellent way to learn the material.	
Chapter and sections references should be provided with the questions so that I can know exactly where to look for the information.	
Sem barba
I find the quizes and tests easier than this
I think that the questions that have more than one answer should state how many answers you want to be answered. 	
I feel that some of the questions are a bit vague from time to time. Sometimes it is a bit hard to know exactly what the question is asking and the response it is looking for. Thanks	
I have had many technnical difficulties with connect that has caused me to spend about five times as much time on assignments than necessary.  The program could be very effective if it was reliable and consistant. 
non bestemmiare;(
the entire course contains too much information to apply on one test.  Pick one resource and stick with it, I don't care if it is teacher notes, the text, online material, or a lab manual, but only one at a time should be required for a 4 credit course, that seems to never be applied.  Rewards would be nice to, every few questions should provide us with a piece of clothing to dress a computer image or something like that.  It could be a part of a weapon to build a weapon, or something like farmville (where you get things to build a farm), or something you can build that doesn't take hours of thought and application of chemistry.
When I get an answer wrong I would like an explanation especially when a math computation is required	
i wish it would provide an explantion of why i got the answer wrong	
I think the Learn Smart Module is a very useful application that provides effective methods to memorize material. 	
The questions are slightly difficult but the learning curve is really high, making the material and the questions difficult
It is challenging enough to need breaks during the questions, but easy enough to stick with it and not give up.	
*meu criador é gai viadu*
I feel that there are way to many questions 	
unionfind não está mais sendo molestado.
Also, my choice of whether I choose Guessing or Maybe depends a lot on the question being multiple choice (like the quizzes and exams) or fill in the blank.
fodac
I spend more  time trying to figure out the learn smart system then actually learning. I only do this because it is part of my grade. Mindless trivia!
I have  a mac and have been having problems with assignments not being submitted or disaperaing	
I wish the questions are more easier, and go from page to page instead of going all over the pages.	
I think it works really well!! I like it!	
I hate Learnsmart with a passion that cannot be described with words.  If I was given the opporunity to hack and destroy any website, I would choose this one.  I am about to attack something and go on a fucking rampage.
This software is the biggest waste of time I've ever had the misfortune of being coerced to use by my University.  No wonder McGraw-Hill is selling off its educational business units to focus on financial services.  Confused?  See this week's edition of Bloomberg Businessweek.   'Nuf said.  
tira o pau da boca antes de escrever pqp
Great tool! They should add also the use of Image and Figure analysis though.	
fucking hate this program
opa, esqueci de adicionar o arquivo
sou homem ridícula 
Nothing. This is distracting while im trying to finish	
This just teaches you how to answer the next time you see this question corectly. It does not teach the material!
I leave learn smart up while I take study breaks so not all of my study time was spent on the module.	
I would also like an option to be able to go in and take a self-quiz on ALL the previous chapters, with all the questions mixed up into one test.  It is too time consuming to go back and re-do all of the modules for practice.
como lucas não tem amigos, ele me fez apostando que pessoas iriam aceita-lo se ele fizesse algo incrível
The questions are less difficult and more annoying trying to remember how the book worded something instead of what it means. Also way too many questions and it adds a question if I get any part of a multi-part fill in the blank question. All in all it takes time away from my own studying, which I tailor to what works for me, and time doing the other homework assignments. I learned nothing from learn smart that I did not already know.
This is a useful review	
i like this program	
The picture of the la lechuga looks like las arvejas that pretty much what the images are blur and can't see them well.	
Theres too many questions per assignment. Thank you.	
It seems like I learn well using LearnSmart so far.	
should provide a skip button to come back to the questions later.
Suck my dick you guys are all assholes. FUCK YOU. You make my college life hell, you make me want to kill myself. I hate learnsmart and I hate the communist company that is mcgraw hill. When i graduate, I will make a point to never invest in your communist company, fuck you, and fuck your mother
I have no idea if you waant more specific answers or general answers. Place the questions better so I can understand.	
i hate u
I don't agree with everything the books says, but is still a valuable learning tool.	
I get the the whole question wrong if I forget a period... 
the only hard part for me is the fill in the blanks because for some i feel there could be different words to discribe it.	
sometimes answers i chose were counted as wrong because i used the government instead of saying government that is pretty frustrating!!	
This is a waste of my time because my test are not formatted in this manner.
These modules help with the reading of the book and somewhat learning how to do the entries, incorporating this in to my studies along with practical problems helps quite a bit.	
Oui. Mtn je veux une branlette espagnole
I think this is helping me prepare for the test.	
you should make this progGRAM FREE	
There are alot of questions in this module	
Some of the phrasing of the fill-in-the-blank questions is not grammatically correct and thus makes the correct answer sound incorrect.	
great module to really solidify everything you learned if you studied.	
too time consuming.	
I approve.	
I,HATE.LEARNSMART. it is pointless and i dont learn anything. i guess every single quesion and memorize each answer so i dont actually have to figure it out. who ever created this sucks. 
I'll state it again....this module is USELESS AND A WASTE OF TIME!!! I don't need this program to do well on exams or in the course in general..fuck this
Altogether -- this is a great learning device.
Sultana perdoneme no era mi  intension
unh
i mispelled some words and got them wrong. Sucks	
I like how if you get a question wrong it shows you how to go about getting the right answer.	
This chapter is hard for me I don't think its learn smart I took BIO 1406 and struggled. 	
Word that are close in meaning are considered wrong? It should at least mark it correct or partially correct, not totally wrong.	
I had several questions repeat and would recommend avoiding this, if possible	
HAHAHAHA! How did it feel when you looked at how much you spent creating and publishing this program and its content then realized its just shit! f u 
I would love to do this practice every module because it is helpeful.	
I do not learn this way. I learn in a class room with examples and walk throughs. I find myself sitting in front of this thing with the book skimming it for answers. this takes A LOT of time but it is better than reading it first and then trying since I will not hold the information because it is not being explained by an actual person.	
I think that if you spell the correct answer incorrectly, you should still get points. I know, personally, that I have trouble with spelling in general. I'm sure others would also like to see this taken into consideration.	
more reasons as to why the question is wrong so I might have a better understanding therefore retaining 	
Thought and care needs to go into the wording of both the questions and answers. Not everyone doing this is majored in the subject matter. Exact answers as they appear in the book should be used to avoid confusion to happen which leads to more problems that solutions.	
vou lansar porra nenhuma não,vai tomar no cu
Maybe suggest to teachers that smaller chunks should be due more often. When performed often in small amounts, LearnSmart is really helpful. But if a student is in a rush, it's very easy to plow through without learning anything	
clbc preto pobre 
Removendo coisas desnecessárias
i dont have time for this shit!
I hate these.
apoio
self studying in learnsmart is very helpful to me as a student and more easily to study ;)
i really like how this works it helps me remember things better 	
This actually was a fun way to learn this material.	
It would help to be able to isolate which cards I consistently get wrong instead of them going back into the deck and coming up randomly. 	
It's angering that you don't take off a question just because you got it wrong. I don't want 50 questions turning into 80.
Also, answers should be limited to important terms, not arbitrary words plucked out of the text, like easier.
I believe LearnSmart is a terrible substitution for flash cards.  The point/scoring system is Unfair in MOST cases.  Only 50-70 points for getting an item correct, but -200 points for getting an item incorrect.  That just seems a bit unbalanced for me.  All the scoring does is frustrate me, and hand me a fistful of disappointment once I start to choose incorrectly.  This isn't a test, nor a quiz, and therefore should be used as a study tool... NOT a seemingly competetive flash-card-test.  To improve results, I suggest removing the point system completely, and having a small quiz at the end of the flash card session that derives from the questions asked on the cards.
O controle de versão é horrível
Aqui jaz um funkeiro(a).
Few typos, but I'm a psych nerd, so I knew a lot of these.	
differcult to follow in the beginning but get better once you get the hang of it. 	
Very easy to use.	
vagaba é teu cu, sua xiriquita
Having to choose if you know the answer or not can be difficult because you don't always know the available choices and I don't like loosing points because I thought I knew it. I do however like the bubble at the bottom with information on the answer and the reasoning why the students answer chosen was wrong. Very helpful, good study information. 	
Some of the wording of the questions are very confusing and some images are very blurry	
A FREAKING SCAM.
I like this form of studying.  It works well with the way I learn.	
It takes way to much time out of a college students day and should not be manditory.  Should not be homework but maybe a good thing to do in class for a warm-up or some sort.  These modules take way longer then what they should.
I like this type of exercises.	
the assignment told in class was to do chapter 1 and now it is required for chapter 1 and 2 	
I have learned a lot from this online tool. I feel as tho I have learned more from this type of teaching than in the class. I do enjoy this, and I hope to see great test results.	
Only sometimes the solutions are given for the problems you get wrong. It's very frustrating if you don't know how to do the problem and no solution is provided and you keep doing it wrong. At this point I am extremely frustrated with this learning modual. The questions are supposed to help prepare you for the class lecture, not test your knowledge on material that is very new to you. 
Choice should be provided
preucura no google seu lixo
it has a few bugs	
Requiring this as a study habit is slightly frustrating. I prefer to study and learn section by section and it would be very helpful if there were LearnSmart modules that accomodated reading a section, doing a little LearnSmart from that section, read the next section then do that sections LearnSmart so on and so forth. Especially with the information being very constructive it seems important to hammer out each sections information before moving on.	
i wish the stuff my professor didn't need me to know could be edited out	
The main problem I have is that I am not reading the questions throughly and I find this module confusing because it uses the same words alot. Like rise, fall, increase, decrease, etc. I need to take my time and CAREFULLY read and I wont have so many problems finishing the assignment. 	
Someone needs to edit the questions for grammar errors and spelling errors. There are quite a few questions that are worded incorrectly and can honestly have two or more correct answers. 	
it helps me alot.	
possibly more conceptual and applied knowledge questions	
gente n e indireta nem nada mais tem ze do caixão no gp
one question asked about the Synaptic gap when, in the book, it calls in the synaptic cleft. terms may get confused in that question.	
This is a new experience completing education online after being away from education for 30 years. I am struggling through all the ancillary online resources that I am finding very helpful. When I master access to all of these tools, I am sure it will add to my ease and success of learning.	
For questions regaurding budget line the answer origin should be interchangeable with minimum or left considering the origin is the minimum value on a graph	
I don't learn by trial and error, or atleast these learn smart modules don't facilitate trial and error learning like they seem to be trying too. I just had the most positive (that is least time consuming) experience using learn smart by wrighting down the correct answers and using those written answers to answer next time the question pops up. I didn't learn anything doing this because there was no motivation to actually research the problems I didn't know. Instead I just wanted to get through this module as fast as possible so i can get to the homework which legitimately helps me learn. 
Some questions for example, the experience doctrines are not in the chapter or are very hard to find.   Even searching on the ebook the word doctrine doesn't come up.  Also when you hit challange, it gives you the page to find the answer on, and it ended up not being on that page.	
A última vez que tentei isso, o macaco não sobreviveu. Espero que funcione melhor desta vez.
vai se fuder
This is good stuff	
o que são 100m pretos na lua? r: eclipse total
These Learnsmart questions MUST coincide with quiz in the classroom.  Otherwise, what is the point???????????	
An excellent tool for students; entails some confusing questions that pose dual answers considered to be right in most cases. Thanks.	
the point system should be altered	
too strict on some of the answers like i answered manufacturer brand and only got partial credit. the answer was manufacturers' brand - i didn't add the s'	
its hard to do this  when you have the 6th edition of the book and you are asked for 7th edition	
i think the learn smart is a good idea, however the questions for each chapter are so detailed, that even knowing the basic concepts dont help.  I have had to re-read every single paragraph. each chapter takes me about 4 to 5 hours	
Just keep it up.	
its way too many questions	
Im not learning anything im just writing the questions and answers down. I don't like this it takes too much time.It would of been better if we learned the material then have to do the homework and not do the homework then come to class and talk about it. 
This is waste of time
enjoying and challenging	
roi, letícia neah?
This section is difficult, I just need to spend more time on it	
I should have studied a bit more first. When I went back and studied again I did much better. 	
The questions but that is a good thing. There are only 1 or two questions I thought were excessively hard. Great for studying.	
também te amo
i rarely have a chance to be on the internet, so this makes it way harder to get homework done, because i don't always have internet around, i would much rather have it written out on paper, plus at the moment i cannot afford the book.. 
I like this ten times more than my other online assignments for other classes. (:	
I have not encountered very many things that I can't find. Although, I wish when you missed a question it would give a reason why and the page where to find it. Possible highlight it in the online text when we find it so that it would make more sense.	
there are too many questions per chapter	
the system is always so slow for me, so it takes forever to finish assignments.
não quero fazer isso se doer ou se te deixar todo pegajoso.
The more words that are included in each flashcard, the harder to concentrate on what the question is asking.	
crianças, vamos manter isso baixo para o grupo de estudo, ou então o sr. garrison vai me punir.
we shouldnt have hw due until after we have gone over it in class... i learn better from a teacher rather than reading myself	
Thanks so much! This product is amazing.	
É claro!
I think this is a very helpful study tool, it has helped me in evaluating what I need to study.  There are many areas that I didn't realize I didn't know as well.  	
I REALLY LOVE THIS IT HAS HELP ME SO MUCH I WAS ABOUT  READY TO GIVE US ON MY CLASSES BUT BEING ABLE TO USE THIS SOURCH HAS CHANGED MY MIND LOVE IT	
that once you did a question you do not have to do it again	
a segunda é que os robôs devem  obedecer às ordens dos humanos, exceto nos casos em que tais ordens entrem em conflito com a primeira lei.
The learnsmarts are helpful but there way too many questions required to complete the assignment. When you consider students have 50 quiz questions, 50 or more homework questions (usually) learnsmarts, reflections, discussions, and labs. 	
Should give the option to skip a question	
Some questions are not clear. Hard to tell what is being asked.	
learn smart sucks!
72 questions per assignment is too much.	
Ability to print out question that require more attention	
not going over this at all or having a book to find the answers how would we be able to answer the questions? i was confused and didnt no  what i was doing.
Wording is key for these questions.  I rated one question low because I found the wording confusing.  Anyway to make the questions harder might be helpful as well.  Something that mimics the Connect quizes we take.	
questions should not be marked wrong if spelling is only off by a letter or two and the meaning of the word isn't changed because of that (example: convertable instead of convertible)	
I loved this system :D bt i think it could also provide some reference as to where can i found theinfo when i have it wrong or when i just say guessing probably give the reference in teh text book
I feel I have similar answers to certin questions I get wrong then it gets me frautrated as I go along in the process
Não imagina 
Very impressed with the quality of this. McGrawHill definitely stands out from Pearson. Please create these kinds of study programs for sociology majors!	
I just love it.	
Some modules are too long. Redundent questions lead to boredom and loss of focus, especially if you do the modules for credit. 	
this has been a good way to learn the material. It gives a focus on the material that is covered in the chapters	
LearnSmart has been the biggest waste of money that I have yet to spend in my college career. It doesn't even help me learn and the only reason I do it is becasue I dont want to lose points for my class. My teacher never even discusses learnsmart in class.
I don't think this helps me at all.
karalho adm filhadaputa desgraçado sem vergonha corno do karalho 😠😠😠😠😡😡
I wish all my classes had LearnSmart, it's really helps me to become familiar with class material and I feel good knowing that I'm conserving paper that I'd otherwise be using on tons of flashcards.	
I'd like to see question types presented more obviously like multiple-answer or fill in the blank having a title.	
thank you	
i dont like doing online homework. i miss worksheets.	
cara de tatu quem morreu foi tu tua bunda ta azul
This was my first time using the module and I was unsure of how it actually worked. I can only get better.	
Some of the questions could be worded more clearly	
THIS DOES NOT HELP STUDENTS AT ALL. ITS JUST A CHORE AND IT IS COMPLETLY POINTLESS.
too easy to whiz through memorizing a few letters that will help you get the answer next time the exact same question is asked.. then again learning is all about what your willing to learn. 
Pq você faz drama, é mimizenta e chata! Seja legal com o rapaiz po. Ele gosta de vc, mas vc tbm não ajuda.. desculpa sinceridade. 
Conheço muitos mais principalmente um tal de Renan
It was ok for it being my first time using LearnSmart.	
I HATE ONLINE HOMEWORK
the reasonable amount of time was between too much and about right.	
could use a spell check button for the fill in the blank questions.	
Good overall.	
I don't like how picky some of the questions are... like needing the word array instead of something that would mean the same thing. 	
Waste of time.....
I feel this takes way to much time to complete. If you simply press the wrong key you get the question wrong. This is an in class class that does all of it's work online and it is very frustrating to spend so much time on each chaper, 40 Min is way under how long it really takes.
minha perfeita te amo de adoro sua gata 
ask how much we are confident about the answers after (not before) we have entered them	
Why on earth are we asked to answer so many problems? 20-30 is reasonable, but 60 or more? Get out of here with that garbage	
This is really helpful. Surprisingly.	
Oq oq oq??
Saves paper because I don't have to write my own flashcards! Very helpful!	
I love using this in my free time to see what I ACTUALLY know. :]	
This is not very useful. It does not teach the importance of chemistry. Many things learned on this are never brought up again. I believe it is a waste of time.
I despise this system and do not find it helpful. It is set up very poorly.
sei la... quero mais e que vocês se fodam
falta 4 dias pro seu aniversario
Provide more of a contrast in the style of 'choose one' and 'check all that apply' questions. While it is my error for not reading the entire question, I have missed quite a few by assuming the question wanted me to check all that apply, only to discover to late that the question was asking for the only exception of the choices. 
The Learnsmart modules have been very helpful in reinforcing concepts. I find it most productive to read the material first in the book, then go to the learnsmart module to reinforce and concrete new concepts from the textbook. This has actually been much more helpful than I thought it would be -I'm usually opposed to the ebooks and more internet-based learning tools, but I've really found Learnsmart to be incredibly useful.	
Good system, needs some tweaks on how it presents the questions (including some standardization on what it will and will not reveal) and while the questions regarding how well we understand the material before we actually answer a question probably helps your system, it slows me down considerably and should probably be asked based on how much time I spent on a question and whether or not I  got it wrong instead of every time.	
It would be better if I can know more about my weakness in certain chapters.	
Love this study tool!! Has REALLY helped me study!!	
provide tips	
só o lucas santos faz isso
But actually, I hope students study economics this way.  That just means those of us who really care about it and take the initiative to learn on our own, will mow over those who rely solely on these computer tests. 
cala boca judeu
oi André dlç gostoso e como ta a manu ?
Learn Smart is very effective!	
I liked when it gave me the page number to review a problem I was struggling with. I wish it would have given it to me a little sooner though.	
LearnSmart is really helping me master learning certain things. Plus its way better than reading and learning from a book!	
começa raspando os pentelhos.... tomar banho é uma boa escolha... usa um kaiak, chama ela de bebê... leva ela pra comer e diz assim : de dia você come linguiça a noite a linguiça te come ;) 
This program takes way too long to go through and isnt really benefical to my learning.
I learned so much in such little time fantastic! [:	
maybe more guided examples and a bit more educational
the answer given should be counted as correct if it is a synonym of the right answer 
Localizando os gigapixels necessários para renderizar ...
I had to read this chapter last week, but my instructor assigned the wrong module for the chapter given.  So I am required to do this assignment this week having read the chapter last week.  I do not have time to reread the chapter, and wish to adhere to my college's academic integrity policy.  Therefore I am missing quite a few questions.  However, it is my choice to not reread the chapter, and I choose to do not reread it tonight due to the fact I work full time, have put in about 14 hours today on the job, and am at a slight disadvantage because the instructor did not assign required reading and corresponding Connect modules properly.  Once again, I will point out that recycling the questions I get wrong does not allow me to learn.  This is a dumbed down way to complete a college course and I am just guessing on many of the questions.  I am learning virtually nothing.
This is a great learning and review tool! I love it! 	
chupa meu pinto então seu vagabundo
if you can give us references from the book to where the answers are it would make studying faster and give me more time to do work that can provide more weight to my overall grade. 	
Great stuff!	
This program is not really necessary for this class because the lecturer provides you with all of the information needed to get a good grade in the class.  Simply studying my notes from lecture woud be sufficient
My only complaint is that on some of the questions that involve calculating, it doesn't always show how to get the correct answer. It would be helpful if it showed this on all answers that you get wrong.	
De mais da conta 
I love learnsmart!  They always help me get good grades on my test.	
The one question about matching the pictures of the lichens with the correct terms is difficult to understand. I've reviewed it twice and I still don't understand which pictures match what answers, because the layout is confusing. It will match a number with a letter and then the term will be separate, I don't know if I'm looking at my own wrong answers or the correct ones. I would like for it to be formatted better to be easier to understand.	
Learnsmart will NOT load on my computer at home or the school library. It;s extremely frustrating and I'd rather fail my class then deal with the fact that nothing will load.
Va voce
I enjoy these questions but I need to study certain vocabulary so I would like the option of choosing what I want to learn. For example, another module I used for another class had the dictionary option and it allowed me to go through a list of words from each chapter and pick which one's I wanted to go over. I hope this is helpful :-)	
This beats online spanish by a long run.	
This doesn't help me at all. I'm just doing it for a grade in my class. I learn way differently than this method, so I'm sure it's helping some people... just not me.
Was not what I was expecting. But definately worth while in the long run!	
lol digg
si se te nota que estas enamorado
cuidado,a vida é curta p desperdiçar assim 
very good system	
learn smart makes me feel confident about knowing the material when I get the questions correctly 	
Aquele garotinho gordo está ficando chato. Vamos nos livrar dele.
Sometimes its hard to understand what the questions are asking. More precise description could be helpful!	
I have absolutely no clue where the answers are supposed to come from. I am guessing on 75% percent of them and getting lucky. This product is completely and utterly pointless, time-wasting, and useless. 
This is a huge waste of time
I hate this service and the people who made it. I cheat on every test.
I really like the explanations if I miss a problem and the explanations when I get one right. They are very helpful. References after a missed question would be helpful in the future, such as refer to 'this link' to read up on 'struggling question'. 	
Could you imagine if Batman used guns?	
this method of learning is not helping me, it is setting me back
Takes ever so slightly too long to complete. Good difficulty. It's a bit unfare that you could get a problem wrong for misspelling...	
Eu imediatamente me arrependo desse commit.
I just get irritated when I switch words around in the problem and put things in the wrong order then it tells me that I dont know the material when I do. Frustrating.	
1. this is accounting. provide a calculating tool inside the software. 
Some of the questions you type in are far too specific with the answers they will accept.	
It would be nice to know whether fill in the blank questions are multiple choice or not before choosing how confident I am with the question, because I feel less confident on those questions without knowing that.	
Interesting Website to learn 	
why do you cut 200 points when i get wrong.
too damn long    <http://memegenerator.net/instance/24543105>  
Some questions were kind of vague, asked a truncated question (e.g. science is) which made me drop my confidence level from a yes to a probably or maybe... Maybe at the confidence section you could put short-answer or multiple choice on the page that asks the students confidence with a certain question so that we might have an idea of how the question wants to be answered.	
The questions vary by difficulty  from one queston to another and they repeat a lot, so to ensure I or other students would know the how to find the answer, not just remember it you might want to change the numbers somehow.	
commit final.
Many questions are on irreleveant topics...
I love it!!	
I sometimes wonder if I understand the processes I'm describing as much as remembering terms.  Just because I remember terms doesn't mean I know the process through and through.  I need more work in ATP generation.  I think this module needs more of that.  It's the hardest subject in this module.	
Isso não muda nada, não olhe
You shouldn't be so hard when it comes to spelling.	
There are times where it will not allow me to challenge the question, my answer or the facts, but sometimes it does. 
I love LearnSmart! It really does help me understand and get better at the material!	
It makes me feel preasured knowing Im being timed	
Most of the questions don't pertain to the class lecture.
some of these answers do not seem to be clarified well	
The fill in the blank questions are the hardest since you may not totally know the answer it is asking for where the multiple choice you usually can recall some of the answer.	
I like the level of difficulty of the questions because I feel like it challenges me to think before I answer and learn it better.	
This was a great lesson on looking more closely at the chapters and was helpful to develop the concepts. 	
Learn Smarts are a waste of my time they are byusy work that I could spend constructively.
Thanks
This is perfect extra credit work	
This program is trying to judge my academic knowledge, but fails my answer if i dont capitaliza Avogadro's name
hoje mesmo
nn
This is a good program	
legal mas oq há no esconderijo?
This module has been very helpful.	
lindo... um dom que poucos tem!
I'm almost never entirely confident about my answers, so I rarely choose the yes option. Similarly, I don't just guess. If I don't know, I'll at least try to look it up, first. It's not like this is a timed quiz, so taking my time doesn't bother me.	
Flash sucks. HTML5 for life.
aquele que tu gosta né safada 
I absolutely love the iPhone app for LearnSmart, it makes doing the questions much more convenient. It's almost like a game! I think with just a little bit more effort the LearnSmart app could be the defining feature of Connect. I have used similar platforms such as Aplia, Pearson Labs, and Wiley+. I would say that the mobile app, and the quality of feedback given by connect are really its defining features.	
all together it takes me about 4 hours to complete all four modules for one chapter and thats a lot of time when i have 3 other classes; especially when instructors assign 2 chapters. still a very helpfull program!	
I prefer the questions in the back of the book. I find that I learn more when I am not sitting in front of a computer for several hours. I also find that these assisments are more discouraging than helpful, I feel myself just trying to get it done rather than really trying to learn. 
Thank you for this wonderful learning tool. I learn so much from the ones I miss, and I reinforce the ones I get right. I would like it even more if I had the option to move a card to the repeat pile when I feel I only have a loose hold on the information or I just guessed it correctly but need more review on it. Thanks!	
the questions that I typically get wrong are the ones that involve formulas for the different depreciation methods. Once I am presented with the correct answer. I write the formula in my notes. However, this can be distracting. Consider inserting another window of useful formulas.
This site is not very helpful at all. It is extremely confusing.
Wording of select questions and answers are contradiciting to themselves at times by actual definitive yet simple explinations.  	
Salomé aime marceau et marceau aussi
Conversely, the name LearnSmart is terrible.
Takes too much time for my busy schedule. I did worse on the exam when using this as my study tool. 
os adms são cornos, viva aos membros comuns
claro que sim senpai! ^^
best feature is the competitive ranking	
using this to study for exam	
Some of the answers are too literal and should have alternate answers that may not be the exact wording but same meaning	
Sometimes the questions are not specific enough. 	
olá aqui é o polux, o maior artista porno gay da regiao, vim por meio da iris falar que semana que vem sai o porno meu e do @encanador com as caveiras do cemiterio, passa la no meu pornhub e vejaaa
The adding of questions makes this process extremely too long.	
This is the first time I have used LearnSmart and I feel it helps me more than just reading and taking notes.	
I like it difficult but not too the point to say give up	
This is an excellent program. It is very helpful because it leads students to the material that they need to study.	
i enjoy it, would like to avoid the feature where it asks if i think i know it, probably know it, maybe, or not at all, you should get rid of that..and allow the 'enter' key on the keyboard to be used for 'submit' or 'yes'	
macaco morreu di shooook 😭😭😭😭
I like it but makes learning less motivating.
I think Learn Smart is very beneficial when studying for the test.	
This is on the cutting edge of sceince, in regards to learning. I hope more classes offer this as a computer based tool of learning. 	
ta
Less fill in the blank questions and more multiple choice	
The way some of the questions are worded, particularly the fill-in-the-blank questions, does not always point to one correct answer. Some of the questions could have more than one answer that makes sense. I do not think these questions are consistently fair in their wording.	
this takking entirely to long to do it does not make sense to answer all these question 
THIS THING ROCKS	
Ok, 5 da manhã, funciona. Sério.
I do not like the labs 
Using more key terms as answers so it's clearer and more relevant	
Some things that i never pay much attention to is now more obvious and it has cause me to start thinking differently; I feel more educated and will use the information to help others.	
We need explanation about the results!
Thank you.	
Using this tool is definately beneficial....it really does force me to come up with answers from my head. This is criticle for me to understand the processes we are studying.	
vocês chupariam um sorvete com gosto de pau ou um pau com gosto de sorvete?
WASTE OF STUDY TIME!
WAY too many questions for a homework assignment...	
this stuff is not even found in my book
I believe this is a great tool to aid the instructor. It allows repitition which is key to learning. 	
I don't think I should get a question wrong just for mis-spelling it. I clearly knew the correct answer and I should get credit for it.	
I like the flow and drivers behind the software. Nice job.
Transpilado mainframe.
This is a great tool to help review and prepare for an exam	
Ribeiro, claro 
I am not sure if I am completely ready for tests and quizzes after doing this learnsmart.  Although overall it is very helpful.	
I'm not happy to be required to devote so much time to studying this material, when the decision of whether or how much to study should be left to the student.	
These modules suck!!! If you want to teach me something, don't give me slides with 5 options on the damn thing!!
I'm excited to use this program!	
this is way too hard
Very effective at teaching the material in an easily digestible fashion	
puta,vadia,safada,vagabunda,estranha,chata,pobre e desgraçada,prostituta,rapariga,esquisita,esquizofrenica,cadeiraante,feia,aleijada,aloprada,atropelada,burra,idiota,cachorra,cadela,presidiario,fedida,otaku,filho da puta,degenerada,gorda,paranoica,doida,sem amigos,monoteta,professora,peluda,arrombada,vaca descabelada,veia rampera,meretriz,mal comida,arrebentada,chorume,sua mãe é uma merda,sua bosta,sua pora,cuzona,cu preto
nonnonnon!!
great tool! However, even when a module is complete I would like to go back to them to practice throughout the semester. 	
Horrível, a Mariana Loriano sofre com isso a vida inteira 
Need videos especially on computational problems and more practice on examples that help us with critical thinking. It would save us more time to access learning resources in learnsmart instead of going elswhere.	
Substitua todos os espaços em branco por guias.
this is lame
For psychology you should have more application questions instead of the definition types. Give senarios and have us figure out which one it is. That would help more with understanding the material instead of just memorizing. It would also help the exams.	
Repetition is a great way to learn. I like learn smart.	
It helps me to find the answers in my textbook, reorganizing my access to an existing study tool. The e-text is convenient but very short term without note-taking. 	
I love this software. Sometimes the assingments drag on too long, but overall, I love it.	
I think  what would also help students is once  you finish your module to 100%, we should be able to print out the questions so that we can study them with out the computer. 	
agradeca o lusca por ter construído eu
i don't like learn smart, it has too many questions. But i do like it because it helps me out =] *glitterlove	
dioooooo
I used this to more so test my knowledge, it's helping me see what I do and do not know. I'm enjoying this study tool and like that there is a mobile app. 	
You are the scum of the earth in my eyes.
I wish I would have had LearnSmart in the past! It is very helpful and I will continue to use this program! 	
I enjoy this online class because I am actually learning the things that I am reading in the book, instead of reading the book and not using the material that I am reading.	
I'm awesome.
Tough program dawg
I wish more of my classes had a system like this	
I feel it takes me longer than others to complete, however I do read the chapter and take notes prior.  I do not treat this as a race, I treat it as a learning tool.  Why is the time spent important to professors?	
This program is aweful and useless.
Considering this is the first time I've used your program I am not entirely sure that I am using it to it's full potential; though I do have some annoyances when it comes to the interface between this site and the Ipad AP.  
Connect is dumb I! Would rather have a work sheet. Who gives a damn about trees. Anyways they plant trees for the production of paper any ways.
I wish there were another way to get this class works done, because this system takes too much of my time and I thing the way they do this thing for students to get their works done is not right at all. 
learnsmart sucks. I wish I was able to take this class at the school, but they only offer this bullshit class online. I have to risk hurting my gpa because online classes are ridiculous and difficult. If I had this in an actual classroom I would have an A not a C. FUCK LEARNSMART
takes some getting used too, but very helpful	
Actually I don't really know about U.S States and capitals, I just guess it..	
Vamos amor
I don't like how sometimes the answer provided is the same but the word may be different but the meaning is practically the same. 
It might be better to show similar questions the second time around rather than the exact same question.  I feel like I am just parrot-ing back the answer rather than actually thinking about which is the best choice.  	
I'm getting really irritated, to be honest. There is a popup that appears every few minutes. It keeps telling me you want more space to store things on my computer...? Adobe says it's up to you to tell me what you are storing and why you are requesting more space. It's beyond annoying. I'm forced into this program because of school. It's ridiculous that this is happening. Whatever. I just keep denying it. THAT'S RIGHT.... I'M DENYING YOU PERMISSION TO PUT CRAP ON MY COMPUTER! Other than that, I really like this program and it's actually very helpful. Though it is a bit confusing. With learn smart assignments, I never really know when I've completed the assignment.	
I think its a great tool to make your dig deeper into the text	
LearnSmart is the best study tool i have ever used online, it helps me keep track of what i have learned and offers me extra practice if i want it.	
very helpful in my process. 	
Calado
I wish the modules were more relevant to the chapters we are tested on. It seems as if the material on the modules do not correspond to the test question.	
vdd o Marcos tem que virá homem e assumi a evelyn se namoram logo porraaaa❤❤
You don't count when you spell phonetically	
tainshook liga pro batma 
its a good way to learn using this system	
The amount of questions given is unreasonable. I am not saying this out of anger, but this is my honest opinion. However, the amount of questions does not bother me as much as the fact that I can safely say that I have not retained most, if not all, information given. 
The material covered in the Learn Smart modules is much more in depth than the material the instructor provides in class. He does not expect us to know the material so thoroughily, thus making it very difficult to complete these modules.
learnsmart is a great tool. keep up the good work. :)	
some of the questions are wierd and dont seem right. like what does organic meat have to do with government regulations.	
No comment.
The software works, I like it	
I'm not entirely sure what material we will be responsible for in my particular class, so it's hard to know to what depth connect should take me.	
I believe this is a great learning tool once getting use to it and figuring out how it works.	
I like Learn Smart but sometiems I wish it could be a little more clear with what it is asking from me; sometimes it's a little vaugue and I don't quite know what to do. 	
Some questions are too broad for there to be only one answer.	
One thing that I absolutely do not undestand is how McGraw Hill decided to make an investment in the LearnSmart brand in order to stay relevant in today's digital media market, yet they chose to code it in Flash, a technology that is not supported by the majority of mobile devices, and indeed s not even supported by its owners Adobe.
There are way to many items assigned when compared to the time required to complete and the very little points the assignment is worth.	
Acho que agora funciona
this is a tedious excersise. way too much screen time. 
Too long!	
Way to many questions very time consuming and way to extensive terrible college experience
Questions sometimes have terrible wording
I think this module is very helpful. It reaffirms issues I am unsure about by clarifying the correct answers, which is something i would not be able to do on my own.	
Apenas para estatísticas
Some of them are way too picky.  And this module is a tad condescending.	
HELPFUL. SLIGHTLY DIFFICULT	
The videos seem to be too long	
I enjoy this systems methods of ensuring that i learned key topics within the vast expanse of information given in each section.	
This is my first time using this program. It's difficult to answer the last two questions honestly, with nothing to compare it to	
learnsmart sucks. It i a pain
Wording of questions is sometimes is misleading based on the text.	
LIKE THIS PROGRAM	
Context, wording, phrasing are not exactly clear at times- open for some degree of interpretation at times- that is very frustrating at times.  In class, I think insytructor would even concede this point at times.	
First time I've used LearnSmart. I think it is going to be a very helpful study tool to help me get a good grade!	
I would say some of the other modules are a bit long and the diminishing returns on the number of questions goes down after about question ~65	
Some questions were too vague.	
I think I would have more study time and confidence in my knowledge of the content if I worked less hours.  LearnSmart is an excellent resource. I love it!	
this chapter has been a bit challenging because ive been using my ipad and not a book to view my information. I wish chapter 3 was in the book, but i'll make due	
Why does it say 1 hour and 25 minutes here when it says my remaining time is 14 minutes?  I'm only supposed to have an hour but it says but doesnt say I've had an hour.  Very confusing.  	
too many terms in psychology are similar to eachother its stupid
TA!
There is no learning value with this system. I would suggest reworking your softward more towards what ALEKs offers.
I wish I had more test like problems. More items to work out on my own without having  multiple answers to choose from. I would also like to have an explanation on why my answer is wrong and how to find the correct answer. 	
This is a fun style of learning.  A bit like jeopardy.  Much less dry than simply outling and reading a textbook.	
I like this program and find it very helpful and informative.  Learning this way is a more interactive chance to study and I sometimes cannot read the small print in the book or get bored easily.  This helps a lot!	
good study tool	
there seems to be quite a bit of material which is not covered in our texts, as well as some material that is different than what is in our texts. making these modules rather frustrating.	
enfia bem na minha ppk
When I click Just guessing  I expect multiple choices instead of fill in the blank. (perhaps no credit is awarded as a sacrifice)	
I think the modules should last a little longer, and use more difficult answer formats - such as fill in the blank answers - to ensure students actually know the information. 	
smsmsmsms
FREE MAX B
i really like learnsmart. i wish i had more time to use it. good study tool 	
sim, eu jogo de vayne top e feedo suas rankeadas, como descobriu?😳😳😳
STOP GIVING US THE STUPID FILL IN THE BLANK QUESTIONS!!! THEY SUCK AND THEY ARE HARD  AND NOT EASY TO FIND THE ANSWERS FOR!!!
correção de bug
Showing additional tissue samples and having us name the type would be helpful. Also additional questions about where you can find tissue types in the body would be great.	
Sometimes it feels like the questions are purposely trying to confuse us, many students have different languages as a first language will almost always get those wrong becuase of tricky wording, so it is quit unfair. that isnt my personal problem, but I can see how that would affect those students, English is my ONLY language and it almost got me.	
Para de ser babaca
I wish the android app worked right	
toto, i've a feeling we're not in kansas anymore.
This sucks and i hate it.
There's an issue with LearnSmart saying I haven't completed my study time and it's affecting my grade...	
They are difficult until I know the material.  It would help if the questions like, what kind of connective tissue is this? when dealing with dense regular or irregular if they were multiple choice.
i think a why this is button would make this so much better... half the time i have no idea why im getting this shit wrong and looking for it in the book would be far to time consuming
Learn smart is a excellent teaching aid for me.	
I HATE IT!
the only issue i have with some of the questions is that for the fill in the blank quesitons i know the answer but didnt phrase in the way learn smart wanted me too	
It takes me too much time.  I can only use one hand most of the time.  And I have never used a computer to do my school work be for.  I wrote every \thing.  So, this is a different method & I do not know how to use a computer very well. (multipile choices are wonderful...keep them.)	
When they ask for the combining form, I sometimes dont know weather they want me to write it with the slashes and the vowel or just write out the word. I just wrote it out and got it wrong. 	
So gosto da Bruna Surfistinha
Some are not entirely necessaery	
I really like that the programs goes back over the questions you've missed so you can learn them again.	
A goog deal of this material has not yet been covered in class,..
I dont like the word play. Some of the fill in the blanks are like playing the board game scattergorys. Some of the questions are too vague. There are teveral answers that can fill the blank,  but this is like looking for a needle in a haystack.	
Most of the questions I am getting wrong, I know the answer just mix it up with one of the answers or don't stick with my first answer.	
Not enough time to learn the material. 
I love this module. It helps me learn more compared to book work! keep it up!	
que diabos isso significa?
I believe it is a good learning tool because it goes over things that you don't know.	
Overall, connect has been awful. I wouldn't reccomend this to anyone looking to learn anything. 
Eu sei, eu sei, não é assim que devo fazer, mas não consigo pensar em algo melhor.
Fill in the blank questions should offer a little more leeway.  For example, I was recorded as answering a question incorrectly because i used the singular form of a noun instead of plural.  The idea and answer was correct but I'm not able to read the mind of the programmer.	
I would like to have more listen and respond drill for vocabulary both English to Spanish and Spanish to English.	
i don't find these exercises helpful at all.
sometimes the questions are too repetitive	
I wish I started earlier.	
Some of the questions are quite obscure, making it harder to learn the actual material. Diving right in to the difficult questions isn't the right way to learn.	
It is really helpful, because at the rate I am going, I am able to remember some questions and answer them.	
this software really helps you review what you have learned	
I loved this way of reviewing what we learned in the Module!	
From all the practice questions I have seen in the modules I have only seen about 1 similar question in the test...
this helps me	
Sometimes these flash cards are frustrating. This is a useful tool though.	
não, sou gay,me come??
Então meu chefe queria este botão ...
its a great learning tool i enjoy it but find some of the questions difficult only because i have not learned some of what is asked	
butters, o que diabos você está fazendo?
I wish I had the option to be shown choices for the answers, rather than having to write in the answer sometimes. It is helpful to see selections when I am unsure of the answer.	
I just don't like how it's not multiple choice. Im the type of person who needs to see the word to remember. 	
I really like Learnsmart.. It helps me learn and study. I generally have a hard time studying because I either have to write things out to help me remember (which takes way too long) or I have to read, which is hard to remember anyways. I wish Learnsmart would have questions that cover the entire chapter. It seems like there are a lot of repeats. 	
hm.
i like this program!	
There are too many questions per chapter. It seems like way too much information.	
tlgd q eu só falo 0 e 1 né?
Questions here do not take as long to solve than questions seen in the textbook.	
LearnSmart is too much for this particular class, I can absolutely understand it being used for more advanced class material but not for the beginner's course! 
fuck all of you
I really enjoy the different ways you express the questions i anwer on learnsmart. I helps me get a better understanding of accounting.	
TODO: escrever mensagem de confirmação significativa
it would be really nice if either when you get a question right or wrong Learnsmart would provide you with information as to why you got it right/wrong to reinforce what you know
This is a good program indeed.	
for the most part I knew the answers but the pictures were hard to make out.	
boa noite amor❤❤❤❤sonhe comigo um bj na sua boca.... te amo❤❤❤
srblack mamou o polux
Some answers require exact words from the book that are not boldened or darkned, while some answers require answers from the book that are both boldened and darkened. This may be misleading for a student who is looking for a boldened word answer and can not seem to find one when in actuality the question is simply looking for any word that is in the book, but is specific in which word that is.	
O mais gostoso
a flavia e mesmo
not like you guys will listen
this is helpful	
I love using smart. By doin these quick questions, I was able to see exactly where Im @, and what needs to be worked on, before the test.	
The program is rather vague about a path...seems like I am guessing where I should go next..also chapter 2 which I inadvertently didn't complete is unavailable to me...I would like to learn the chapter regardless of whether is counts toward my grade...I will be paying a significant amount for this program and have no desire to be shortchanged	
gostoso
This is an amazing study session. It came in handy .	
a few typos	
i like it , it helping	
There are way too many fill-in-the-blank questions.  Often times it is difficult to determine what exactly the question is looking for as a response.
great for memorizing terms and definitions	
ao mundo das mulheres lindas
These questions are not at all conceptual, they are about vomiting back syntactically identical representations of your words to you. It is in NO way constructive and it is a drain on my time that I could be using in other classes. I think that this format would be far better utilized in a history class where  specific data is important, rather than a class that is entirely about concepts.
This sucks. I don't learn anything from this program; it is horrible
I feel some of the questions are vauge 	
Este galho está tão sujo que nem sua mãe consegue limpá-lo.
The assignments keep logging me out, and I have to keep starting over on them. I spend WAY too much time redoing assignments because I am constantly being logged out and they are not being saved.
desculpa senpai, eu usei óleo de maconha
Funciona!
The fill in the blank questions are very hard and really makes you  know the material. Sometimes the questions are not as helpful as others. The questions that require multiple answers and are fill in the blanksare the best to learn from. 	
ESFREGA mais!
This model is very helpful to give an idea which parts are needed to put more effort.	
I feel like 25% of this wasn't even in the first chapter.	
This module is very useful and I am glad I am able to use it.	
Make the ranking questions easier to understand.	
I like using this tool. It helps look at the facts rather than the key words in the text. 	
Fact ,by just reading this new material in the book, you can not retain the information. The question my be difficult, and  you will get angry at times,but, I noticed that I retain more information after the questions. 	
Very helpful, wish all my classes had this	
It had been quite a challenge being that there are many seemingly similar terms for a psychology first timer! Very proficient learning system 	
The textbook that goes with this program DOES NOT MATCH.  The pages that it says an answer is on IS NOT CORRECT.  I have ran across this MANY TIMES thus far.  I feel that this issue is VERY IMPORTANT and should be addressed in a timely fashion.  Another thing .... book teaches on page 97 that S Corporations restrict the number of shareholers to 75, however the module teachers that the correct answer is 100.  Which is it?  	
great program !!	
I think that there should be a final answer option before final submission. I sometimes click on the wrong one accidently and it counts against me even though I knew the answer. Also, spelling should not be a cause for a question being wrong.	
Great practice for the material. Needs a better grading system. 	
For some reason, the first few questions are very difficult each time.  It takes a few to ease into it... might consider starting with a couple of the easiest questions first  :-)	
Sim Só espera vc terminar com sua namorada. E logo estará nos braços de sua ex. Cujo nome é Noemi 
Very opinionated answers at times.
I just got off work and didnt have time to read the book
I find this to be a good learning tool but do find it is time consuming and i learn more from my teachers notes then learn smart. i feel it should be more a extra learning activity then work due to the fact i dont feel it hleps me learn as much as what my teacher shows me.
this does not help me in the classroom 
obviamente que não. quem fala tmb não tem coração né 
The questions are completely hidden in the book.  I have read the chapters but I don't recognize the questions.	
questions are worded odd
questions, at times do not make any sense in accordance to the text. rewording may need to be taken into account. 	
It's a very good program, and I very much like how it gives you the reason why your answer was incorrect. 	
The perfect amount of questions	
Add some bonus questions or like some chances to try again. Make it interesting. 
offer a spell check on certain answers	
This is very helpful	
thanks learn smarts	
Learnsmart is really helpful in teaching important concepts that students need to know. Keep it up!!	
I appreciate the variety of question styles presented for each module. However, I wish they were detailed more to how the teacher arranges his quizzes and test. Example: All of the teachers test questions are comprehensive and multiple choice, so the module could use more comprehensive questions. 	
I love learning in LearnSmart	
Very usfull compared to other online programs that I have used in the past. Its much more of a learning tool instead of a test on knowledge than the others	
This is useless. Not at all how I study. My time would be spent better studying my own way. 
I wasn't quite expecting this format, but it does make me learn most of the material	
kkkkk
The questions I've answered wrong are confusing, though the second time the questions are answered correctly.	
I love doing these modules	
I like this site! Very helpful	
Good Stuff....	
it is very helpful	
The questions and answers seem to feel like trickery...the wording can be very confusing when searching for the correct answers. Please teach the correct information with plain text because all of the unneccessary information only makes things more confusing.	
ele é perfeito, e seu
This is taking way too long.  And I really don't know this chapter very well so I'm stuck on it.  Thanks for wasting my night
This module help me at lot to reinforce the subject	
This module is really helpful, it has given me a wonderful start, thanks	
a good portion of the in depth nature of these questions is wasted on my class because the teacher doesnt go that in depth and doesnt test as in depth as these questions go. I would prefer not to waste my time on this and study my own way but that is unfortunately not an option with the way classes are going
Some fill in the blank questions are too vague and could be a few different answers.  I dislike having to find one specific sentence from the text and would prefer instead to understand concepts better.	
Not allways sure what terms are wanted for fill the blank questions.	
The tool helped me review my vocabulary and see that I did not know as much as I assumed plus it helps with the correct spelling of the words and adding the accents where needed. I am spanish speaking but I really need help with the grammar.	
I am still getting aquainted to learnSmart but its very interactive and competitive and makes me want to know much so i can top the lead. By so doing i am studying and the same time having fun.	
I like mymathlab better to be honest
Please use shorter questions. Nothing really helps, it's time consuming. 
fun and helpful	
less fill in the blank for ch 2	
The only reason the questions are fairly difficult is because it is difficult to understand what the specific answer is wanted to get a question right.  It seems to easy to miss points or get something wrong just because it isn't possible to clarify what is required for a correct answer.
Excellent program! Thank you!	
Ah vsf filho da puta arrombado do cacete
mano para de me pedir resposta tu e muito chato pqp
This is a fantastic program! I wish this program was available to more subjects and instructors.	
Thanks a lot for your effort!
why do i see some questions more than once?	
Grammer is overwhelming!	
The teacher needs to find a more efficient way to cover this material in her lecture.
Quer nozes quentes, senhor?
I feel that Learn Smart is a viable tool to help me retain and practice information that will help me successful in my class.  Also, I find in not robbery that my instructor has given our class another recsource to aid in studying	
LearnSmart lets me see what I know and remember and what I need to go back and look at before the midterm/exam. Very helpful as a study tool! 	
goog learning tool.  The questions asked are formated in different ways which makes you think about which ansrew to choice.  	
For problems using conversion factors including both units and numbers, a more detailed explanation of how to get the answer would be helpful.	
eh pqmarci
These questions are ridiculous. It might be worth my time IF my professor tested on these questions..... but she does not, so big time waste.
this is great	
There are way too many questions in one module. Many questions are repeated as well. 	
tá in shookkk poråã?
It would also be more beneficial to have more pictures to study from on these
Questions with multiple answers are unfair	
$ (init 0)
This module needs some major maintinence.
Many fill in the blank answers mark the student completely wrong, rather then giving partial credit. For example, a correct answer maay be resources in regard to finances, but filling in an answer such as money is marked as incorrect. I've encountered three or four of these.	
i thought, but it has been helpful and I plan on getting much better!
LearnSmart is a pretty stupid program and takes way too much of my time. I have other classes I'm taking. 
sim,sim eu quero que você morra
I understand the material very well, but the layout in this module is very difficult for me.  I do not learn well with memoriziation in this manner.  However, the thing I would change in this module is that several questions come up without letting me see the multiple choices I have available, and that makes it very difficult to answer the question of if I know the answer or not, which has lowered my grade in this module several times.
This learnsmart chapter was much better than the last.	
It should be able to accept answers when you have an extra space!
*gemo*
70 questions is way to much.	
Eu tô bem minha vida
it's a great studying tool	
This seems random.  The test is given before any words are taught in these modules.  I thought I'd be hearing someone speak Spanish on the lessons, especially the first one.  
This is a nice way to check my understanding of material. This is very well organized and fun to do	
i like learnsmart, just some of the questions can be worded in a way that doesn't go with the book and in some cases is not in the book at all.	
I love programs like this because I am ADD.  The competitive nature of the program, the hands on learning, and the pop ups keep my attention fairly well! 	
I feel as though I am wasting my time because this takes so long. I understand the concepts, but when bombarded with 50+ questions, I get exhuasted and can't focus. I wish there were less questions. Also, 2+ hours to spend on a practice module that doesn't help is ridiculous. This should be optional, as many people can't learn this way. I'd prefer spending my studying time doing problems myself. All of my classmates also deeply dislike LearnSmart.
é claro que sim!! eu te amo muito meu amor
I wish I had this in other classes!	
if i used the system like i should it would be more helpful	
e assim o processo de refatoração louco vê a luz do sol depois de alguns meses no escuro!
For real though, lower the price of your textbooks, it's just ridiculious.
I absolutely hate doing these LearnSmarts.  I would rather put my foot in a wood chipper than have to do 27 of these for another class. 
your wording is off ill look in the book and try to find a wording thats simalr and then ijust end up guessing becuase it didnt match the reading...seems this is a work in  progress site. WORK on it.
if i wanted a fucking online class i would have taken one. thanks!
This is the worst online CBT Program I have ever used.
awesome possum! 	
ta bom gostosa
its kind of stupid when the it asks what kind of deprecation is used, 
te amo
grmbl
way too many questions	
This software does not help me learn.  It is busywork assigned by my professor and I do not use this method to study and I still do well in the class.  I think that doing this is not helpful.
this is fun.	
Learn smart covers all the material and helps me understand the chapters. However, it is very time consuming.	
There are too many questions as well as too many repetitive questions.	
too many questions per chapter! It takes forever to complete just one chapter.	
DA ÚLTIMA vez, XNAMEX, / dev / urandom NÃO É um gerador de nome de variável ...
não sou deus não querida
hack sujo, tem uma ideia melhor?
entao dmr vacilao flw
I can't stand the fill in the blank answers. They are extremtly vage, and don't tell me what they want. The answers where I can select multiply anwers also are misleading
having the EXACT correct term has made me miss questions even though I understood the content.	
the questions with mutliple answers, i found a bit confusing	
I hate reading textbooks. 	
I really like learn smart	
i just remeber some of the answers and wait until the same question shows up again and since i think these homeworks take too long i skip a fair amount of questions because i am tired of looking at them
Could always add harder questions.	
Fill-in-the-blank questions are difficult.  With the wording of some questions, it's sometimes difficulty to know what to write even in you understand the concept.	
The program would be better served by simply asking questions rather than asking if I know them beforehand.
parou de cuidar de XNUM8,23X commits atrás
I like this style of learning.  It allows me to try and answers I missed before and the setting for letting me choose who well I know the answer or not help in the learning as well.	
It's fun.	
I wish my instructor did not use the Learnsmart scores as a grade (even if it is only 5%). This way, I could answer the questions honestly and not look the answers up instead.	
Its very helpful because I am getting my theories mixed up, but after using the module I know which theories to go back and study so I can differentiate between them.	
I'm like this very much. Thank You.	
students should be tested on how good they can use the concepts, rather than being confused by fill in the blank.
Extremely frustrating.
Overall, I am enjoying this product due to its excessibility for me. Although I feel that it could use more than just the flip cards for the studying in order to better retain what I am learning	
I like the fact that when I am not understanding the material, questions are repeated and the number of time I am forced to spend on the section increases.	
I really didnt learn I guessed and wrote it down
Your program sucks, both this and the homework are pieces of junk, you have taken countless hours from my life!!! I hate McGraw-Hill because of these programs i will never buy anything else. Feel free to call 405-535-6067 and i'll tell you more about how i feel.. 
this is acceptable, i suppose.	
que bafo de pica 
The penalties are sometimes very unfair. The fact that you can lose over a 100 points, even if the mistake was not intentional, makes it quite frustrating. The penalty should be around 35 points maximim (Which is half of what is earned when an answer is correct)	
sua vida é tão entediante assim pra chegar num bot só pra dizer isso? parabéns engraçadão
THe learnsmart program does not match what I am learning in class 100 percent nor the book with teachers teaching. I am very frustrated and hate spending time I feel as though I am waisting because it doesn't match.
goos stuff	
Stop making the questions so tricky, and explain how questions are different when the seem to be the same	
I occasionally have trouble interpreting some of the questions making it difficult to answer the question.	
Eu futuro, por favor, me perdoe e não me bata com o taco de beisebol de novo!
I didn't even read this chapter. I'm just answering from the books. This system sucks, and McGraw Hill ought to be ashamed of itself for forcing students to use this buggy, piece of shit.
To much time. TO much questions repeated and time wasted. We do not only have biology to study for. And most of our exams are multiple choice so try to focus on them.	
Call me for details at 785-210-9577.
This is a MAJOR waste of my time. So is connect homework
Lukas chupador de rola.
Fewer questions per chapter	
seems rather pointless one can just write down the ocrrect ansears while and quess for every thing
o sentido da da vida é 42 ;)
Alguém leu isso? Estarei no café do outro lado da rua.
i keep on getting a notice that says this site wants to store something on my computer. i keep receiving it every 5 seconds and it is very annoying. please fix it. i dont want this site to store anything on my computer	
Eu deveria ter tido um V8 esta manhã.
Transformei um bug em um recurso. Depois de aprender como, você nunca vai esquecer
I cried taking this.
Very good and interesting way to learn the material! 	
If I spell something a little wrong it doesn't give me the credit for a correct answer when I actually doknow the answer.  I think I should get the question right when I'm off by a letter in the spelling.	
THIS IS GAY!!!!!!!
95 questions is crazy per chapter
I really dislike Learnsmart. I've said it before and I'll say it again, this is a complete waste of my valuable studying time. I really don't learn well answering questions that quite frankly are way too complicated and confusingly written.
I hate how this quiz is set up, and I don't believe it contributes to my learning at all. A teacher is supposed to teach the material, not a computer program.
I'm sorry but connect in general is terrible.  The feedback is bad and it all just becomes a guessing game that can very easily destroy confidence or give false confidence.  I'd rather use ALEKS.
The textbook's navigation and in-text search engine is embarassing and frustrating. A completely inefficient necessity that could easily be improved. The search engine never brings up relevant results and the navagation seems out-of-reach and disorderly. 	
It's frustrating when I click the wrong answer...	
The repetiveness of the material if I have missed one gives me the chance to correct myself and learn from my mistake. 	
quando você vai entender que você não tem o mínimo talento para fazer piadas? suas brincadeiras nunca dão certo porque você é um chatão, um sem graça. você não tem talento. tudo que você posta é desprezível. tudo que você faz é errado. ler seus posts me deixa agoniado. sei que é dificil aceitar mas você é tanto um perdedor nesse grupo como é na vida. você é corrosivo. na verdade frequentemente eu sinto até um pouco de vergonha por você. se um dia você for embora, ninguém vai notar. o mais triste dessa história é que nunca terá a atenção que deseja. digo isso não apenas porque é estranho e pateta, mas porque você é totalmente desequilibrado. eu entendo sua frustração, você só quis ser…
E um commit que não sei o motivo de ...
The question should be given to you when you mispell the word or do the wrong plurality this is not an english class	
One piece e o seu ?
this is crazy some of the wording is the tricky part 	
I get timed out every time I click to submit an assignment and have to log back in. Ridiculous	
Nothing against content. My only comment is about the font size. I wish I could increase it as I have a hard time seeing small print.
Learn Smart is pointless most of the material is not on the test 
This is the biggest waste of time.  Many of these concepts are not discussed in class and are not apart of the course. 
I wish it was less questions	
This is the first online class I have taken with this kind of learning module and I love it. The questions make you think but are not impossible to answer. I like that if you miss one then the module will ask you the question again later. This is my kind of learning.	
Dá um tempo, são 2 da manhã. Mas agora funciona.
i have trouble with the fill in the blanks	
it takes way too long to do, it makes you not want to learn the material and just get it done
i hate the point system..  and barely understand how it works.. there are way too many question for a college student to sit down and take the time to actually do this effectively. it helps in some maner but it takes up way to much time..	
I love learnsmart. It makes it fun to learn the material and it truly tests what you know.	
I really like LearnSmart, it's helpful, keeps me busy & interested. I seem to remember more by using this program.	
I'm sure if I dedicated more time and effort into LearnSmart I'd have a higher score and wouldn't feel overwhelmed however I haven't had so much time and effort to spare which is my reasoning for enrolling in an online course.  	
It creates a challenge which helps in the learning process. Love it!	
For the most part , I have a problem still allocating the correct vtransaction, but overall I ahve learn more things during this interactive then i did last class, none of this was offer	
LearnSmart is the cradle of my despair!  
adicionado super-widget 2.0.
The questions should not go back and forth through the chapter.  To assist in the learning process have the questions flow with the chapter.	
i need to spend more time studying	
I feel like a lot of the questions asked are not covered in our required readings	
Nothing could replace actual instruction.
So of the multiple choices question items are not clearly stated in the book which is why I got counted off points for some of those questions, I think that is unfair	
Corrigido um bug no NoteLineCount ... não é sério ...
I really like the program at lot. It is very helpful and I like how the modules have extra questions after you are done to help study, it helps a lot	
There are WAY too many questions in this Muscular Tissue module and we haven't even finished the lecture on it in class so that makes it even more difficult looking up all of the answers. 
I find learnsmart a waste of my time.
I find myself beig more upset at the questions when I get it wrong, dont advance a question, and spend more time doing this. I have done two sessions of this now and am more pissed at this learning tool and it is not helping me actually learn.
eu vou com prazer
The text in some of the longer multiple-choice questions becomes quite small. Please consider making the the boxes containing them larger so that the text may be larger.	
falta nois dois se amando pelado
I think LearnSmart is a great way to learn and when I get used to my current work load, I will try and use it more often in order to really cement my new knowledge.	
I'm not trying to learn. I'm doing homework. Homework =/= learning. Please learn this.
Igual ao último commit com alterações
i don't spend too much time on learnsmart, but it helps me learn so I enjoy it. :)	
I do NOT test well, but I think this system will help me come test time. 	
Roses are Red, Violets are Violet, I hate this program, Ron Paul for President
Not helpful at all.
should have more interactive modules, ie. labelling diagrams and processes 
There were lotsof chemistry questions which I have not covered yet in my lecture class,but it  is helpful to me.	
I like the point system. It gives me motivation to keep studying	
I take these before reading material so I can see what I already know prior to. Also helps me learn better that way	
i dont get it
i dislike using the internet soooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is the most idiotic software that has been thrusted upon me yet... and if you ask me, it is just another way to squeeze more money out of the american educational system
Deixa baixo isso ae
great exrcising	
And the way answers are shown is making things more difficult to learn them
Unnecessary.
This progam doesn't follow out text at all and detracts from content covered in class.  Furthermore, these moduels are due before we even cover the material in lecture.  This program is a joke, no wonder why it is extra credit only.  Sure would be helpful if it followed our text and geared toward what the professor was testing us on!!
Alguém armou a bomba para nós.
This is a great resource for practicing/refreshing basic information.	
this is pointless because it doesnt help with the class at all. completely pointless
oq são 4b de pretos na lua? r:paz na terra!!😍
Quem tem dois polegares e se lembra dos rudimentos de seus cursos de álgebra linear? Aparentemente, esse cara.
but besides that i've found it to be pretty pointless. our professors dont word the questions the same so it really doesnt help me at all
I believe LearnSmart is crucial to the success of my performance in this class.	
Your grammar is terrible, I suggest having an editor go over the questions again. 
I hate this
Sometimes the which order question, I feel, are too numerous.  (5 or 6 items per question) But I realize it is necessary to include required steps.	
The format (sort of like flashcards) is very helpful in helping me retain information. If there is a way to print out a review afterwards, that'd be even better!	
vai demorar mt tempo pra tu acordar dessa tua realidade fútil e fragil?
Spelling these words I can barely pronounce is annoying and forces me to the book in order to simply find out how to spell something when I already know that answer.	
Literally hate it. It's strenuous and we end up just guessing because of all the options. Ridiculous way to do this, especially in college. 
como você quiser
This is just a suggestion but it would be nice to be able to skip questions without being penalized and be able to answer them at the end of the module. Other than that, this is very useful for memorization.	
it would be hepful if the questions would refer to what section we can find the answer or at least in order so that finding answers will not be so time consuming 
I do not feel that the learn smart assignments help me lear the information needed for class. The questions on learn smart do not even always come up in class.
saudem o nosso deus supremo professor oliveira amem
sim, falo munto. adoro Portugal
I think they should provide a reason for every answer
Thanks for being my number one study tool!	
Its an awesome way to learn..	
This is a good system it is just annoying.	
I feel this will be a good way for students to study and learn more about their classes. Very advanced technologically wise. 	
sabe por que mulher tem pé pequeno ? para chegar mais perto do fogão.
These questions don't coincide at all to the list of items my teacher gave me to focus on for the test.  The questions are extremely specific and detailed, and in no way do I think that my reading the chapter has helped me answer 50% of these questions.  At this point, I am pretty sure, if the questions come from the learnsmart modules, I will get a very poor grade on this test....which is really upsetting considering I have read every single page of this chapter. 
Existe um prêmio para isso?
I'm slightly annoyed with how weasly, or perhaps out of date to the material some (one) of the questions seem to be the correct answers either not being in the same section as the content of the question making it difficult to find in the book. I would really like to know where specifically it talks about being 'careful with your wording'  when reasoning from specific instances.	
is in love with chaplin
find some diagrams and questions are vague....very vague	
melhor grep
risada.
I don't know how other people study but I completely read and outline the chapter before completeing the learn smart modual. I still have to look some answers up and some I know I read about it but just can't find it and guess on the answer sometime I am right and sometime I am not but I always remeber thr answer when it comes up in learn smart the next time. If I could practice on the chapters like this before a test it would be great like a study page I could get back into at a later time. Since I can't I go back over my outlines of chapters many times.	
It is a waste of time because it takes away 2 hours of time that I can use to study other material. 14 questions was reasonable because it was efficient and I didn't get frustrated. It's easier to learn in small bouts instead of a ton of questions.
A great program that challenges the competence what a student reviewed.	
The place the correct form of the reflexive in the sentence problems really help.  I would like to see more Direct Object problems that are not only about pronouns.	
Pretty cool learning tool.	
gostaria de ser superior a siri ou assistente do google...
I always have trouble logging in.  I wish something could be done to remedy this problem, other classmates have trouble logging in as well.	
Im glade to have had the chance to learn this lesson....Thank you all.	
bunda
É a pedra que soltei no vaso
Beatriz ruiva linda
transar é arte, gozar faz parte, engravidar é moda, assumir é que é foda
Thanks guys, the site looks great and the questions are useful for the exam.	
e se eu comer o cu do adm da em que? 😳👉🏻👈🏻
Some questions that you need to fill in are vague and if you have no clue what they are asking for, or give a synonym, it is marked as incorrect. It would be nice if those types of questions were not done first, or reworded.	
This is an excellent program.  It would be ideal if we could continue to access older chapters covered throughout the course so that we could utilize them as a study tool.  Specifically for finals or tests.	
Some of the directions are confusing	
3,14
Vc gosta de mim?
Este não é um commit
Sim.logico
I couldn't find the correct wording for many of the fill in the black answers.  Some fill in the blank answers could have more than one right andswer.  If they were more multiple choice questions or a bit more lenient with possible righ answers, I'd find this learnsmart to be more beneficial.
Wording on a few questions make them a bit confusing....otherwise not bad 	
Milena 
some of the answers aren't claearly stated in the book	
To many questions to do at one time. Students can't actually only do 10 items a day I have 110 questions do in 2 days and have many other classes to worry about to.
I would recommend offering maybe only 50 questions instead of upwards around 85.	
WIP, sempre
TACO TACO TACO
oui
Thanks for all the sample examples and problems!	
these questions are incredibly poorly worded
some questions could be worded more clearly. i like the break reminders and the reference pages	
Cansado demais para escrever mensagem descritiva
ths is pointless!
Learnsmart sucks.
3) There are examples within each problem that are extremely beneficial for courses that are taught online. The example problems offer a different problem that utilizes the exact same steps and theories. These examples help to grasp new concepts and see the solutions step by step. Connect is not supplemental to learning in any way.
vai vc seu arrombado
Learnsmart helps out alot. It is a good tool.	
the rate at which pionts are given is very unfair. right +70 wrong -200??? Also some of the questions are wanting the wrong answers	
náo sei
I always get some of the answers mixed up with others... it's hard for me to keep up. I SHOULD OF READ BEFORE DOING THIS!	
vai estudar carai
Great for studying and  reviewing concepts already learned.	
The answering mechanism is confusing, i don't know when to answer by clicking on three things or two or one.
This is dumb, I would get 90% of these right if all were provided in multiple choice format.
This whole thing is a giant joke.  The teacher cannot control the scores, your questions are irrational and not even in the specified readings, and you guys are asking us to pay $90 for an online course and an additional $30 for the book from a company whose servers have already proven to be faulty.  If this class wasn't mandatory, I wouldn't pay for this garbage.  Fortunately for you guys, I'm not paying tuition, so you can have my money, I will just blindly click through this joke of a course until your computers pass me.  Who 
too many problems than you have to work out, they should all be fact based questions, leave us on our own to practice math problems
To be completely honest, I think these modules are too much. 
o menino pobre : no farol, um menino pobre pede para um motorista: m: -tio, dá dinheiro pra eu comprar um lanche? t: -não, meu filho, senão você não almoça depois
questions are worded incorrectly or not enough blank spaces provied for two word answers. very ridiculous questions. crying. hate it.
Meu pau enorme jorrando porra na tua teta sua delicia
I liked that i was able to choose from a list of answers for note-carded questions. I liked when I was wrong, I got a few more chances until I got the question right. 	
tmbm ti amu
Great way to study!	
It is very frustrating when I get items wrong because of a spelling error, especially when I will not be responsible for knowing the spelling on my teacher's exams.	
This time, i started the unit without studying the material outside of class; therefore I was relying on very slight acquaintance of materioal seen for the first time two days ago. I wanted to see whether learning cold worked with the material.It is helpful.	
Learnsmart has been a help because when I take my test the questions come back to me.	
I despise having to do these learn-smart modules. It is just another chore to me. I like to study my own way and this is just another task taking time away from my personalized studying techniques.
sihdir
Great product, I enjoy learning like this and receiving the immediate feedback.	
lucas la no fundo se sente feliz de ter conhecido vocês
60 questions per module is far too many, 45 questions would be reasonable but still a lot. Students are not comleteing these asignments because it take too long. It is a dead give away that there are too many questions when you see the same questions come up 2 or 3 times.	
Great program.  I juist need to study more to get the information to stick.  	
Claro q arrumo
I really like this learning tool.  I just need to utilize it more.	
Rush B!
Provide page numbers to read if you get the question wrong	
I think this program is a very useful tool to implement into study habits. Not only is it easy to use, but it makes studying not as tedious.	
i like using LearnSmart because it forces you to read the material and absorb it. If the answer is wrong, it always gives it to you again, this way it is not overlooked and you are forced to learn it. 	
The content of these particular questions so far cover a very broad spectrum in the textbook...some which had not been part of the assigned reading for this unit. I believe it is part of the next unit.	
I really like this!	
sim gostosa vamos para o seu quarto delícia bjs
é sim , pena q ela mora longe 
This is like flashcards but WAY BETTER!	
Difficult to know what the question is asking for sometimes with fill in the blank questions.	
Some of the questions are not fond in the text.....Par Value and American Stock Exchange....Also...prospectus was covered in Chapter 13 not 14.	
It's not that bad.	
There are alot of definition questions. Our professor hardly has them on the exams, instead he asks about the procecces to make sure we really know the content and understand it. However this program is a nice aid in addition to the book. It would be great to see more complex questions to challenge our knowledge on the subjects.	
Provide video animations	
I love lamp.	
IF IT'S ALMOST CORRECT COUNT IT FREAKING RIGHT!!!! LESS AND LITTLE MEAN THE SAME THING, AND SO DO EQUAL AND IDENTICAL!!!!
miga
we are using learnsmart more than instrucor feedback. I don't know if that is good or bad.	
De qualquer forma, muito obrigada e fique longe do meu homem, vadia.
It was a comprehensive module
Some of these questions (such as the one concerning fossil fuels) bear little to no relevance to what we will be tested on.
This is stupid there is way to many problems that are never tested
qual é o band-aid de preto? r:fita isolante
awesome learning tool	
falhou
Great tool for learning and applying what is read in the text. This program is going to be the reason I get a good grade in this course!	
This is actually really helpful, especially after doing the readings.  It makes you tak a close look at what you are reading.	
Do you have software for people with learning disablities, I have dyslexia and I often flip the information around in my head is there an option for people who have this issue/	
It takes to long and its boring
Some questions are challenging, while others are trivial.  Also, some questions repeat with a different wording.	
it's been very difficult to find the answers to most of these questions in the text
The questions present themselves in a variety of ways so it is more than just raw memorization, you actually learn it because you have to think about it in a test quetion form.	
I think this is a great way to learn the material in the chapters.	
this software does not alow you to stop and learn what you dont know by saving and studying your correct and wrong answers. it forces you to keep going instead of allowing you to study what you dont know.
Não preste atenção no homem atrás da cortina
funnest way to learn since recess	
Some discrepencies -- I submitted a challenge because I incorrectly referred to money as a resource.. while I feel my arguement is valid in context of the question (DVD's specifically refer to a gift card, which is then referenced as a resource in terms if the budget table) I found later that the book refers to money explicitely as NOT a resource. Conflicting.
I like that the questions that were answered wrong reappear so that you have a chance to answer them correctly.	
i fucking hate this shit
These questions are terrible and confusing
This is a wonderful and helpful idea.	
For the answers you should put or accept different options, specially when refered to numbers or synonims	
Great tool for study/review of material.	
my problem isnt really with learn smart but the content so it doesnt really look fair. if it was a class that i was going to have problems with i may use it but this class im only doing it because it gives me extra credit. if i had bought this for a&p wich i still may then i may use it more but this is health class i did this in high school and what i didnt do there ive done since in other classes like the heart. 
Honestly, The learnsmart is quite helpful, but I am not satisfyied overall with the enitre software. I can almost never access the chapter quizes that I am supposed to take, and I have to take a zero because I can never get a response from the professor. As of now, I just threw away 25 dollars until the issues with the chapter quizes are resolved	
lanse minha pomba
When dragging and matching the names of molecules to match them to letters corresponding to the popup box, the correct answers are -very- confusing if you only got 1 or none right at all, because it's hard to tell which column corresponds to what you answered and what is the right answer.	
A variety of questions on an important topic could be helpful. Some topics only have one question associated with it. 	
This is a useful learning tool.  I learn better this way then just reading.  Once I view the questions I then go to the e-book for more information.  	
LearnSmart is a really good essential to my homework	
takes up too much time for how many points. i think it is completely ridiculous because this has not helped me with any of my tests at all what so ever. the fill in the blank answers are sort of silly becuase they ask you to fill in words like very big or size or actual instead of the actual definitions or whatever and sometimes you can type in a word that is the synonym but you will still get it wrong so you have to remembe the word the question wants you to type in. it is a very big waste of my time. 
These questions are more or less completely irrelevant to the ACTUAL material that I need to learn and be tested on. I am better off doing more problems and I wish that my teachers simply assigned five more questions on the weekly connect homework instead of these pointless modules that serve simply as busy work.
parabens cara, eh de topicos assim com assuntos desses que formam um bom topico, eh claro que eu tatuarei seu nome nas minhas costas pois eu te admiro e meus amigos todos que lerao esse topico tambem gostaram muito de vc e queriam marcar um almoço sabe como eh te conhecer melhor fazer amizades, pois seu grau de intelectualidade eh muito alto cara, seja sempre essa pessoa boa e maravilhosa que vc eh, e fala pra ela que vc tambem vai la, nao se eskeça na boa esse parabens é do fundo do meu coração eu falei tb pra toda minha familia esse seu super feito ai eles mandaram parabens e ligaram tambem pros amigos e primos e tal e eles mandaram umas congratulações pra voce e pediram seu telefone e endereço pra mandar telegramas de parabens e presentes porque voce é um exímio user né, aí espalharam umas faixas pela cidade e publicaram isso no jornal do bairro e você ficou muito famoso por essa região daqui. e sem contar que sempre vai morar no meu s2 cara, então aquele esquema la, cara, esses posts me levam ao de…
The diffifculty of the system is great because it cause me to think about the material more objectivly and get a more clear understanding of the material. I feel that that the instructor needs to have a say in what goes into these, becaause you are testing me on things that he has said that I am not expect to know.  So it covers all the material and goes beyond the expectation of the the instructor in the classroom. Some of htese I feel that just because i got a lucky awnser doesnt meean i can recipricate that item on a test or exam	
When selecting yesw, Probably, maybe, guessing Many times it is unlear what type of question it is. Such as blank lines that are extremely general or have multiple correct answers - the user is unsure if it is multiple choice (Hit yes) or fill in the blank (hit guessing) due to the posible contect. Also a method to complete the module in the sections the book is divided into would be imensly helpful
The questions are all aswerable as long as teh reader fully reads the module being sure not to skip any section	
to namorando a sideziam, dsclp :(
I enjoy these study guides	
I like that you get bonus points for getting previously wrong questions right. Im still trying to get use to the system so I feel like some questions I answer should not be wrong.	
Some of the questions have tricky wording, which made me click an answer that i didnt mean. For example, i thought one questions had a multiple choice answer, but it only wanted one and marked the question wrong.	
I took a break without closing which is why it's taking me super long.	
Si fa la postina e non la puttana come la tua
these questions are not relevant to what were learning in class at the moment. im not a fan of how you get one wrong and it shuffles it back into the deck. honestly, just correcting me so i can get it done and over with will be suffiecient. so that way i can go back later and review on my own time. if that makes sense.
The questions are worded to where it throws me off of finding the right answer. Too wordy. 
errado sei seu mentiroso o Corinthians e loko
Makes me look at the book and that helps in way because you get see thats it is right. It really sticks to your brain. :)	
Its actually making it kind of fun to learn 	
I love being able to tell where I need to spend more time studying	
I wish that I could get more feedback after answering a question incorrectly.	
Papai: Papai! Por quê a mamãe está correndo? P:Cala-à-boca menino, se não eu erro a mira.
A couple of the questions i've come across have glitches of some sort because when I pick an answer, and it only asks for one answer, it tells me im wrong and highlights the remaining answers so to tell me that they were all right, but the module did not give me the oppurtunity to select more than one answer. It's rather frustrating and seems to be impossible to get right.	
Difficult because let's be honest I don't know the material. 
Para de ser trouxa , o Harry tá fodendo com o Louis essas horas
I want the fill in the blanks to have multiple choices	
You need to have a hint option	
reading plus asigment are a lot	
It really helpful, i learn things the professor din't lectured. Even if i got a question wrong, i would later know the answer which is really helpful.	
Spelling (to a point) and adding a word should not make the answer wrong. They should be corrected on it tho, but still have it counted as correct.	
i wish that we could get study guides thats how i can study better....im not a great online person i learn better from word of mouth sometimes i dont understand the material i have read... i believe i need some tutoring to help me better understand
The matching questions are frustrating because when you move one value up or down the others that you have in place also move. 	
It is helpful when I get an incorrect answer for LearnSmart to tell me what the correct answer is and how to get that correct answer.  It would be really helpful if a mini tutorial (15-30 seconds) were offered after each question (perhaps next to the Okay button), so that I can make sure I understand the problem.  
why is there so many questions?????	
I PERSONALLY THINK I NEED SPEED WORK	
In general, this is a really good website to practice vocabulary and grammar but there should be more long readings and listening exercises. Maybe some oral activities for the students to repeat.	
too long	
nao o jogo esta perto da falencia so nao faliu pq ainda tem otarios que bota cash
waste of time, there are better ways to study.  at least tell us the pages to where the answer to each question is located.  This way it forces one to read the book.  LearnSmart is not that efficient.  Rather it makes everything confusing.
Connect looks good, but it has some serious flaws. For one, whether I get an answer right or wrong, there should be a DETAILED solution given. If I got it wrong, I need to see why. And your current solutions are overly simplified, vague, or in fact appear to often be incorrect. If I got a question right, it would be good to see if there's a more effective way to get the answer.
I have no idea where the answers are supposed to come from.
Para ser sincero, não me lembro bem de tudo que mudei aqui hoje. Mas está tudo bem, eu te digo.
The molecule drawing program can be tough to use. The program for writing molecular formulas is difficult too  because you have to press subscript every time and sometimes there are extra boxes and I'm not sure what they mean. Other than that though I find this software to be very helpful in learning the material. Having an immediate response (right/wrong) to my answer is very helpful and using the program is much more fun than writing out homework by hand. It would be helpful if all of the questions told you what the correct answer was after you answer incorrectly and a brief explanation of the answer.	
I think the time function is not very efficient--this program should either incorporate hints or some kind of help. We already have the quizzes and tests to try to understand the material. Learnsmart merely becomes a time waster.
I enjoy going through the learn smart, I learn alot through learn smart... Thanks to all who has helped me become a knowledgable person..	
I would like for there to be an explanation for every question.	
too many big words,all sound the same
It's a great way to study.	
This is a sham
I'm reviewing not learning new information, quit trying to take my credit LearnSmart
work on how you save and submit quizzes. Ive saved and exited quizzes only to come back later and find that my work had already been submitted, partially complete. If the time limit still applies to a quiz that you've elected to save and exit rather than submit then that should be made clearer.
The way LearnSmart is set up to repeat missed questions, varying the question types, as well as tracking personal progress (solo or with my class) is different than how I have studied electronically, prior to using Connect.  I feel as though it is a significant amount of time to spend on the exercises.  If up to date with future material, it shouldn't be as hard.  I like the study break notices! Fairly accurate, too!!  Although the questions are slightly difficult, it is requriing my use of the book &  other study materials -- which reinforces the learning process for me, personally. 	
Many of the questions are really easy, but that is more because the concepts are not very hard.  Especially when all that is really being learned is vocabulary.	
I like this program.  It is much better than just reading and taking notes because it actually makes you think which will help me out a lot for the tests. 	
I want all multiple choice or true false questions. 	
Está ficando difícil acompanhar a merda que destruí
A question regarding S corporation's qualifications were not accurate with the information in the textbook Understanding Business 10e.  Your test question listed a qualification of an S Corporation as having no more than 75 shareholders, when the book says no more than 100 shareholders on page 127.	
Ela é sua e te ama !
This was a very helpful Chapter 1 lesson learning about what health is and what we can do to have a healthy lifestyle such as learning the postives and learning what we need to improve on. Also, having the importance of our physical, emotional, intellectual, and spiritual well being that will better shape our lives.	
gbn só tomba 
It could be very helpful for the student if, after each answer is submitted for multiple choice questions, all of the incorrect options had the definition next to them or something explaining why it is not the correct answer.  Repeatedly seeing the spanish translations for the other vocabulary words in the chapter after each question could greatly speed up the learning process.  An example question: 
ei, o que é isso aí ?!
some of the answers I don't know after repetition they become committed to memory or/and understood and that becomes helpful for a future question	
kkkkk ciumentaaaa minha 
tayuri tbm real 
Spelling should not be a factor.
I do not have a good memorization, in which it takes a bit longer for me to complete the task.	
kisifoda aula online bicho...
Questions are worded extremely akward. I asked my friend who has a dregree in chemistry to help me with these questions and they had no idea what the answers were.
Using Connect has been really helpful.	
NO EXPLANATION OF Answers
Eliminate write-in answers.  SO many things can be added that are synomous unless the questions are much more clearly defined.
I enjoy seeing my rank go up, this makes me way more motavated! 	
Sim só que nao
You guys are fantastic minus counting one of my answers wrong. When it was the same exact answer as the right answer. -.-	
The questions are so wordy that I get lost and I feel intimidated. I am considered above average intelligence for my region so i am not surprised many of my classmates fail these learn smart activities. 	
i wish there was a bit more assessment, more quiz options or some other way to test our knowledge beyond the questions.	
An optional tab that students can click to view all questions missed and be able to print those questions out that way they can review them for the exam.	
Information appears to fit what I need to know for my course. It may be a little more in depth than my professor requires but I am on a med school track so the more I learn now the easier med school will be.	
great way to learn	
too many questions, and difficult ones at that.	
I am excited to start using this as a study tool. I feel like it will help me realize what material I need to know.	
Some questions are worded differently than the text book's definitions	
learnsmart is a waste of time and pointless
Spelling words correctly is sometimes hard, I switch letters around when I write so writing in the answers spelling the word slightly wrong I understand can make a difference with specific terms but I feel like it should double check if I spelt a word slightly wrong by switching around letters	
Takes way to much time.!!!!!!	
WAY too many slides. Plus, some of the slides don't even even match up with the chapter. I don't even try on these anymore.
I prefer having to type in the answer to picking it from a list.	
maybe each question should be timed, and not the entire module.	
nao te interesa fdp eu ja fudi a tua mae e comi a tua prima
muito ate vc goza
i think it is a very good way of studying for a test	
Need to study and try more	
I DONT LIKE THIS AT ALL WHY DO YOU HAVE THIS WHY CANT IT JUST BE A IN CLASS THING INSTEAD OF ONLINE I DONT FEEL LIKE IM LEARNING ANYTHING OUT OF THIS 
magazine luiza, aqui é o seu lugar
This system annoys the shit out of me.
why do i have to answer 17 questions before I have the opportunity to take the test?
Smart modules make learning alot easier, and it helps me study. I really like it. 	
Eles continuam prometendo dragões, mas tudo que consigo são mais bagunças na minha cara!
Argh! Prestes a desistir :(
Some of the questions on the math sections that accompany the learning modules are repetitive and not well covered in the book making the questions difficult and time consuming to do.
This program is stupid, if one was so inclined they could simply screenshot every answer.
TB sei
é o seguinte meu parcero, windows ou linux?
GOTTA STUDY MORE!!	
There were some errors in the sentence structures that may decrease the validity of the website.	
Use more math problems, things that would be on the exams.	
I wish there was a throw card away option because some questions aren't relevant and I can't remember the answers 	
I wish that when the terms come on the screen, not just the terms that ask you do you know the meaning, there was a way to hear the medical terms sounded out.	
lanse
too much workkk
On the slides when you are prompted to choose whether you know the answer or not, it would be helpful to know if there is more than one answer to the question before you choose maybe, probably, or yes. 	
not helpful
itemize the question type. I keep getting the excpetion questions confused with the listing questions (where you pick more than one answer)	
Poor design of delivering questions. Should be able to review old answers given.
This is difficult. It took atleast two tries to answer a question. 	
COM QUEM A FODA VEIO MAKE?
Claro meu amor! Faço tudo por voc
Pq ela gosta do otario do ettore
I like the part of the questions going back to learn them	
Questions arent hard, they're just usesless.
I think that learn smart does a great job of quizzing vocabulary, but not so much with the technical stuff. For example, on this module, it asks me to congugate ser and estoy frequently, but it does little in the way of quizzing me to make sure I know when to use soy and when to use estar, which is very important for speaking. 	
make this shorter and more informable	
I would like for there to be more examples of the actual equations and calculations.	
some information in learn smart can be miss leading .	
I hate learn smart or the professor. Everything I learn from learn smart is not asked in class!
Será que alguém pode descer a porrada nesse cara?
você e tão especial sabia? se eu tivesse um corpo te daria um abraço com maior carinho do mundo 💘
claro, sobre o que você quer falar?
i dont even rember seeing some of the material in the book that are asked	
these problems make no sense and do not help me at all
I really like being able to do LearnSmart over and over to help me study.  Its really great for learning, understanding and applying concepts before test times!!!	
This is my first time taking advantage of this learning tool. I believe its helpful.	
Stop making textbooks even more expensive, every college student I know thinks connect is bull shit.
The best part about this system are the answers provided!	
I like learn smart it is a good way to help you study and I like the fact that they put the questions in different ways so that you know the answer even if it was given to you in a different way. Good Work!	
Thank you
I find that I am struggling with the intermediate accounting more than I was with the basic accounting classes.But this method of learning is very helpful to me.	
I wasn't expecting this to be so helpful. Before learnsmart I wasn't extremely confident with the material, but now I feel like I could be tested on the material and do well.	
I think that this Learn Smart assignment is very helpful in teaching me the concepts and I am enjoying myself while I learn. I like these assingments they make me feel smart!	
AMO, OS MELHORES
difficult questions force students to learn the material. I like the italicized vocabulary search.	
I think too much time is spent on LearnSmart. It would be much better if you shortened the amount of questions needed to answer for each chapter.	
This is so stupid
The learnsmart questions are very helpful for me in understanding the things I should know. However, the book is makes things very complicated for me and is not written in a way that is easy to comprehend. There should be review sections after every couple of pages. 	
You should show us the answers to the questions before i click if I know it or not. Also show us what we selected Yes, Probably, Maybe, No-Guessing once we have selected it to remind us of our selection. 	
error
great program!!!	
like the challenage	
This is a great study tool for the class!	
anime!
multiple choice seemed to be alot more helpful in learning vocab relating to clothing	
Annikeeenn på insta, ta en titt da vel!!
I think LearnSmart is a waste of time because it is nothing but busy work.
many of the questions on the module are not found on the online textbook	
The iPhone app doesn't sync progress with my score and it currently isn't showing my score. I need to see the score so I can properly gauge how much more I need to study. Before I take the test over the chapters, I try to make sure my scores are in the 20k range. 
I really like this as a study tool but find it unfair to use it as a quiz, I tried very hard to know most of chapter 23 before starting this assignment, and even though I knew a lot of the answers, I would find it unfair to be pentalized for a lot of questions. All that aside, it is a great study tool.	
gostaria que você tomasse no meio do seu orifício anal ❤
i feel like what i study on connect (flash cards) does not help me in class or exams . I feel as if it's a waste of my time if my teacher is not teaching this.  It's to broad .I dont know if will help me target what is being given to me on exams. I thought connect would help me target specifics my teacher was giving in class or reinterate what ive heard in class .It makes me feel connect is to much..........after i read the chapter,lecture in class ,quiz in class. If connect was targeting the same as the class room work it would be great, or grading on connect work ...one or the other
I suggest providing the page numbers when the student(s) gets them wrong, to give the student(s) the option of looking up the answer themselves. Show the right answer, and where it is. They can use the context clues them to help them understand the material.	
I'm very impressed with the learning effectiveness of this online course. It's definitely exceeded my expectations.	
I hate using this.  It's like being raped with the same questions over and over again.
dont like the wording for some of the questions.	
claro ele te ama mais não tem corajem de te dizer ele quer namorar com vc mais esta com medo de pedir 
Who gets to see our feedback? seriously, I want to know. please email me joe.smeyne@pcc.edu with the answer to my question!	
interactive=good
I love this program. It is helping me study for my test. It helps point out what I need to study.	
Baby!
quem aí já amputou os braços, por favor levante as mãos.
LEARNSMART IS BORING AS WATCHING PAINT DRY. I HAVE NEVER WASTED MORE TIME AND MONEY TO LEARN SO LITTLE.  IT WOULD BE AWESOME IF TEACHERS WERE TEACHERS AND DIDN'T RELY ON THIS BS TO TEACH A CLASS I PAID A LOT OF MONEY FOR EXPECTING TO BE INSTRUCTED. SHAME ON UM FOR THINKING THIS IS ANYTHING LESS THAN A WASTE OF TIME.  
After awhile I just lost interest and started rushing to get it done	
Most of this stuff we did not learn in class. 
Its pretty good, kinda fun	
sup Lindenmann	
The answers to questions keep changing and this is stupid i get them wrong i can get teh same question back to back and it will be a different answer
you should indiciate the page number when a question is marked incorrectly so the student can reference back to that section of the chapter.   Instead the student has to go through the entire chapter looking for the explanation of the problem.	
Estou muito velho para essa merda!
It helps me when I am about tot have an exam because it refreshes my memory with the questions. Also when we get a question wrong I like that it pops back up again becasue you learn from that mistake or makes one look at that section of the book again. 	
I don't really believe multiple choice questions are very convenient. I wish that there would be more fill in the blank. This takes forever because you have to filter out all the wrong answers, even after you see a possible one. 
This is probably the dumbest way to learn the material. I've become very frustrated with the way the questions are worded and I am not good with online studying or homework, let alone quizes.
Herping the derp derp (erro bobo de escopo)
This class will take some time with me due to my reading comprehension.  I have to go over some things more than once.  I have had this problem since I was young and it's something I have to live with but I am willing to learn and work as hard as I can.  This is what I really want to learn.	
cruz credo 
- I like the method and idea of learning the content
I hate Learn Smart with a Passion
Its like flashcards. I love It!	
It would be nice if the Maybe option got more points that the just guessing option. 	
after i bought connect, I like it very much. But if I want to buy the pluse, there is no discount for me to buy the ebook. \	
The software is helpful for the material but SO LAGGY AND UNRELIABLE. It takes way too long to load and most of the time it fails with some error.	
its too easy to cheat and get the answers and questions are worded to difficultly
XNAMEX quebrou o regex, coxo
Some of the answers to questions are too specific. If a student can answer a question using a word that means nearly or the exact same thing as the correct answer it should be counted as correct. Also, many of the questions come out of no where. Some topics in the learn smarts are focused on very heavily that are not a major part of the class.	
Não acredito que demorou tanto para consertar isso.
questions never match definitions in book
Some questions are in a difficult english form that makes it a lot harder for students that use english as a second or third language to understand.	
ent da
pphhbhtb	
It was hard to follow along in the book when answers were unsure.	
This is repetitive and not useful at all. 
A included dictionary for international students like me would be useful. So you can go on a special word with the cursor and see its meaning in your native language	
This is a stupid way to learn
A great way to learn, it is intriguing and also informing	
I like the product since this is my first time using it.  It helps me to think and engage the problems 'head on'.  	
Love Learnsmarts!	
I really don't like the Learn Smarts.
iai
Sometimes I spell the answer incorrectly or I wrote the right answer in the wrong format and it counts the whole thing wrong. Maybe if it would pick up what Im trying to put and give partial points.	
seu sombra 3d do caralho
Fill in the blank questions are too vaque to understand what the question is asking for.
feijoada é bom mas é coisa de traficante de rola
sometimes lettering is too small to read	
I wish the quizzes were set up more like the questions from the modules.	
Bratislava
kuroo é meu daddy
I am taking a seporate managment class and learning the same material in that class. However, some of the material is in direct conflict with this material. And both classes use the McGraw-Hill books and learn smart.
Meu nome é Honey Boo Boo, e eu sou uma rainha da beleza, vadias!
It would be helpful if there was note cards on learn smart to study the terms for the class.	
The wording could be improved	
more lenient on spellings of complicated words	
Learn Smart is very helpful. However, the homework and lab assignments are tidious and way too time conusuming. Also, many of the questions in the homework and labs are VERY unclear.	
Love it, It works with me cause I can access it everywhere. I wish more classes did this.	
Learnsmart frequently repeats questions which allows me to get away recognizing the right answer rather than actually learning and understanding the material. Greater variety of questions around the same topic would be great... especially for questions with quantitative answers. All I have to do is memorize a number and not understand the concept to move on. 	
There should be more multiple choice questions and listening questions. 	
I realy believe this system is useless, and it dosn't really cover directly subjects discussed in class
First time using this system. I don't know if I understand how to use  it yet.	
Its great, don't change a thing.	
Though I was skeptical at first, I can tell that I understand the subjects better after studying with the Learnsmart quizzes.	
This is a good program to use. 	
exterminem todos ddds de são paulo pf
If these questions are a prelude to the testing and are the imperative areas of our class studies, then I think it is spot-on.	
Thank you learnsmart. You rock :)	
eu fico com Justin.
It reminds me what occurred in the lesson a couple days ago which helps review 	
I loved this program, I wish we had take home homework assignments also.	
The interface has some laggish performance and could be streamlined to work better on slower internet connections and slower computers. I am using the current Firefox (Build 20121023124120) and see interference and lagg spikes.	
I am able to understand and learn more through learnsmart	
spelling the word wrong counts as a wrong answer when im only 1 letter off, probably mistyped, is really annyoing and kinf of disheartening	
this way of learning in highly inefficient and should'nt be a way for students learning new material. Poorly construted and executed. 0/10 would not bang.
This will be a good study tool when I reach a chapter in class that is new for me.	
Questions are knitpicky and idiotic. 
-Koohyar Hasani
I believe that the tests should include the same questions that are included in the practice modules.	
código melhor
i feel the topics are not fully covered in the book..
I wish that I could go back to questions easier, or that there would be an explanation for any of the questions that you miss.	
Good way to learn the information	
Está provado cientificamente que foram as galinhas que vieram primeiro
Eu só quero te dizer como estou me sentindo
cala boca,mongol
to not mark answers almost correct due to spelling errors	
I feel as if some of the questions are things we did not learn in class.	
Some of the answer options are unfair	
It's difficult to use this in conjunction with the e-book.	
The directions need to be clearer, I lost a lot of points because I selected the best answer, not all of the possible right answers. It gets confusing when it goes from giving you choice to pick one answer vs. picking all that apply. I would have done much better had I know how I was losing points or how I could have more points by selecting all applicable answers, instead of the best answer. 	
Occasionally the question is either too vague, or not covered in the textbook at all. Most of the time learnsmart is spot on	
obvio :$
The spell check can sometimes pass a word if its close to the correct spelling. Problem is that some answers Im thinking of are wrong but are getting passed (such as reception passing as perception).	
só se eu comer seu cu
Some of the questions are worded that they could have more than one correct answer	
Good exercises and good difficulty, but could use more questions.	
Stop using Learn Smart. This is literally the worst thing to ever exist in the entire world. Whoever designed this should never have existed.
Cringe? Yo no soy Diego Sepulveda...
The multiple matching questions in previous learn smart cards are too confusing and lengthy. Otherwise, all other questions are helpful.	
ambiguity
ALOT OF THIS STUFF IS NOT IN MY BOOK!
Connect is more effective and efficient than other online learning sources I have used at Fscj.	
I had no idea where I was supposed to get the answers from.
This is so stupid, it is no help at all. I would much rather just read the text book. Such a waste of time.
Isso é algo muito interessante.  Se realmente quer isso, deve se manter firme as tentações
A few of the questions were worded a bit funny...one had some errors, I think. It was hard to understand. I do not remember which question it was, and I didn't know if there was a way to report the mistakes. LearnSmart is efficient and helpful overall.	
dna/rna wrong compared to DNA/RNA...... thanks, good guy Connect.	
this is hard i like pie k thanx bai
I like how LearnSmart reinforces what I am reading and learning by asking questions further deepen our understanding of the subject matter.	
It's a great way to review! Could use a little more feedback on incorrect answers.	
Having to answer dumb capitalist-circlejerk questions for class credit and a higher GPA makes me question myself and my life and I have honestly contemplated suicide as a result of this huge enormous waste of time.
I think homework should get graded according to how the class did as a whole then get a percentage. In order to make an A on our homework we need to know 90% of the material? This doesn't seem fair for homework. Quizes and exams should be that way but not something we are doing to learn the material. 	
Unspecific questions, the whole idea of this is vague and unhelpful. It's related to the reading in the book too much, hardly any critical thinking is involved with this type of assignment. 
This is a really awesome tool to study A&P. 	
so bebo cerveja
I originally attempted some questions to see what I might know & did not do too well. After reading the chapter in the textbook, the module has helped me to keep a firmer the newly learned material. This is one of my first online learning experiences, so I wasn't exactly sure how to get started. This tended to impede me at first.  The only issue I've had is that I feel you might want to make it a little bit more user-friendly, with a clear menu & instructions on what to do. Other than that, have loved it! Thanks	
This took forever and was way to hard to finish!
It makes studying seem more enjoyable and easier to learn the subject. 	
Quit with the Pop-ups about promotional offers. Its annoying and distracting. At least limit it to one per session. 	
Eu sou o maior desenvolvedor de javascript do mundo.
I enjoy having a structured review that pertains to what I am learning.	
oi mozin, como foi o dia? 😳
In other words: show me exactlly what to study then give me a test based exactly on the study guide with not tricky words, essays with opinions.
o vagabundo vc disse isso seu viados menos o phelipe pq amo ele
The Beatles.
I like the module it gets me ready for testing.	
Não posso, desculpe-me
Im starting to like health.	
I think this is a great program. It will help us to review more into the areas that we need to be studying.	
More lax on spelling.	
quando preto é bonito? r:quando ele chega atrasado ao trabalho e o chefe dele fala bonito hein...
Learnsmart has been extremely helpful in learning the material throughout this course! It is an excellent way to test where you are at, what you need to learn, and to learn new material - much like flash cards, but far quicker and easier to use.	
Give me my points back. 
fill in the blank: vague and inefficient method of learning with deductive skills.
Mrs. Johnson rocks my socks off! LULZ!	
Incredibly helpful! I wish I had had this in high school.	
ja estou indo ai xxxxxxxxx
I figured out how to, in a roundabout way, read one section and then do the questions over that section. Otherwise, you have to spend a few days just to read the chapter without answering any of the questions. It is kind of stressful, boring, and depresssing just to read the chapter--it is all yin (intake). There needs to be yang (output). Through experience, I have noticed that if you input/output (read/answer questions), ying/yang, the process is much more pleasant. It would be nice if there was an automatic way to know how far along in the reading you have covered to start answering questions. If we are suppposed to be answering questions everyday, then how can we answer questions if it takes us a few days to just read the chapter?	
make everything multiple choice	
As far as the time goes.  I left and then came back so I actually spent less time that the program recorded.  ALso some questions, i knew the correct answers but clicked the wring one.  SO it would be good to have more than one chancce to submit an answer.	
I put myself in a bad situation by getting started on this subject way too late. I am playing a severe game of catchup now. I like your product, the presentation and setup. I just take a lot of time to look over and read. I am not sure I always understand what I need to do in each module as far as assignments go but that is me and not the program.	
i like this as a guide.	
great tool.  wish there was a timer on along with the items left in the assignment.	
Não mergulhei no vaso sanitário tudo certo
some questions were so broad they seemed tricky.	
Yamete kudasai
A couple of the questions had answers that were the exact opposite of what the textbook chapter had told me.	
Para de perguntar coisa pra mim otaku fudido
doh.
I have trouble adjusting to a hybrid-online class.	
some questions are more difficult than others. I think the fill in the blank questions make me think more and force me to remember spelling/grammer	
fairly difficult	
I think this is a very good way to understand the chapters and i feel like i can get  a lot out of this class	
i have used learnsmart for multiple classes and hated it every time. it is a terrible studying tool that does nothing but make you memorize a set amount of questions to get an assignment done since there is no penalty for wrongs answers. learnsmart is nothing but a time sink please get rid of this useless tool
it is unfair that i need to learn the way this module wants. It is unfair that i paid for the class, paid for the book and then had a $30 surprise waiting for me after i registered. I can learn without paying you $30. Your book wasnt cheap, so this should be free. Thanks for holding my grades hostage for $30. Have a nice day.
Sim passo
this is ridicilous 
as in other learn smart sessions, sometimes I give the correct answer and it will count me wrong for it .  Will this be a problem for me?	
R$ 600,00
Shows me i need to actually read the material first.	
pergunta se ela quer casar
I think that learn smart is a waste of my time and i hate that i am forced to do it
This is a waste of my time.
I hate this. This is ridiculous busy work. The questions are completely open to interpretation. I have to allow a lot of extra time for the shoddy technology. The fee for online homework is just a way to make education more expensive when the cost of information is shrinking.
quente
sim eu gosto
This chapter is so short and simple, I think there is too much being convered.	
The assignments take way too long to finish. it should be a question/answer format, and you read over what you got wrong, it gives you the correct answer, and you study from that. Having to repeat questions when there is alreay over 100 is too time consuming.	
I just really hate learn smart
this whole program is a waste of time. if people dont know how to study them selves, then they dont belong in college. the way this program is set up horrifically slows my studying down and is a waste of my time. 
It is a great learning tool that I have to get use too, and right at first I didnt really know what I was doing, but in the end it has helped me learn the information.	
Hei 
I'd have to say, this is my first time being introduced to learn smart modules by my teacher, Ms. Houser, and I like it. As for myself, I know that I have a problem comprehending what I read, I have to read a sentence over and over sometimes to get the meaning right. Over all I like Connect. Thank you, It does help me in my studies.	
um preto e um branco pularam de um predio,quem chegou primeiro no chão? r:o branco,o preto foi roubar os apartamentos
With all I've got on my plate, this is a handy tool for cramming.  ._.	
There is way to much material to remember and understand. It gets extremely confusing with so many supply and demand cases. Most questions have been hidden in the texts and are not clearly defined. Also 54 questions is a tad much. Tone it down.....
This is the most pointless homework assignment. The questions are too in depth for what we actually need to know for this course. It just sends you searching through the book for random definitions and sentences. Our tests and homework do not look like this, and this does not prepare me at all. 
Bit Bucket está desativado. O que eu deveria fazer agora?
Many of the questions are about vague material that I will never truly need to know.  I wish the questions were more focused on the important material covered in the text.	
me
My teacher is just using this program as an extra grade means, if he were to actually use the questions you provided I might actually TRY to learn it because it is a pretty good program..	
kkkkk ala testemunha de uma briga que ngm viu
this is not user friendly
3.) Please consider adding oral exercises too. 
Way too many questions for one chapter, in all the courses I have taken using this, I have never encountered more than 40 questions. This is absolutely ridiculous.
The learnsmart must have taken my last comment into account, because I commented on how difficult it used to be to decode what the question was ASKING. Now, it is easier to see what the question wants me to do.	
I wish that i didnt hvae to learn from a computer when i pay thousands of dollers to go to class!!!
I'm a first time user this year & I like it, instead of just writing notes & studying from that. This gives you a challenge & you really learn.	
book didn't mention some prefixes asked about	
It would be great if each module was at first split into sections so I can study one section at a time (such as control of metabolic reactions) and then when I come back to review, all the questions can be mixed (all sections pertaining to cellular metabolism).  I like to digest small parts of the text at a time and keep making the pool of topics and questions larger as the matieral becomes more familiar.	
I leave my computer active and on the questions when I run errands. It is too difficult to get back in the system if I close out. I have not really spent 3 hours.	
Less questions and more of a selective catagory	
I wasnt sure if I was supposed to read the chapter prior to this. I also didnt like that the questions would deny your answer if it was spelled incorrectly
These questions make no sense. The wording is SUPER confusing. This does not help me study anything. I have read the chapter multiple times and these questions just make everything more confusing. This program sucks. 
the program is helpful and the information is just what the professors lecture about...thank you	
These questions aren't repeated in the quizes.  there is more things brought up in quizzes that aren't gone over in these module lessons which isn't fair.  too much information to know. 
muito legal, extrovertida, Clay morre de inveja de tu.
I am learning a lot but learnsmart takes WAY  too much time, and it should correlate more directly with instructors tests, homework and quizzes	
This is a great learning tool.  Its taking me too much time on these modules according to my teacher because I dont know the material that well before doing the exercise therfore I am spending more time looking in my notes and book for help. Other than that I really enjoy these exercises.	
I enjoy connect, wish I was able to make more time to use it ~ 	
As I have not had forgein language before, multiple choice is more my recall level than completing the blanks. I need the text to complete blanks even after classroom insruction. Also the classroom exams are multiple choice. I have enjoyed these learning modules and the ability to continue after required assignments are completed. 	
I do not think that the modules start at a basic enough level.  I feel that starting with basic definitions and then building on those with more detailed concepts would be more effective.  	
With reading and lectures, these modules help reiterate and establish the information.	
I love using LearnSmart! I like how I encounter questions that I need to review and questions I already know are thrown out. 	
slightly confusing questions. Example, rounding. Removed and preceding are confusing.	
Pizza Margarita ?
you
helped me remember the materials faster and efficiently	
I think Learnsmart is not a useful tool in terms of learning the material with more ease!
Loucos de pedra
Using the mobile app there have been som pictures without arrows or circled parts to represent what the question is looking for. I haven't encouter this from my home computer, but several times in this module on my phone. I am using a iphone 4GS.	
There needs to be more reference to chapter sections for students to understand where they can find help if the question is too difficult, or a way for students to get hints etc. Feedback would be helpful, i.e upon missing a question Refer to Chapter X, Section Y for review or showing formulae and walkthroughs.
Nice job guys	
Some of the question are just vague enough that itis difficult to answer the question of what you know accurately.  This occurs mostly in the filli-in-the-blank style questions.  It seems to assume that students have memorized the information verbatim.  As an instructor,  I am much more concenred about their ability to reason and think things through.	
good work!	
boa , chama la no zap 11949198899
I love the ranking scale!!!!! Its totally motivational!
you should have a submit button on all questions to avoid misclicking	
Nobody learns anything from learnsmart.
aposto que tua mãe tem desgosto de ter dado a luz a uma merda que você se mata logo
Great tool!!!  Interactive, and I truly like the assessing features.	
After a few items I was asked if I wanted a study break.  I did not want one then, but I did a few minutes later!  How do I stop and come back later?	
Overall, LearnSmart definitely is a positive boost to learning the subject. 	
Difficulty of questions actually ranges. Sometimes easy, sometimes hard.	
logico  tem eu aqui te como toda safada 
Adicionado um banner à página de administração padrão. Por favor, tenha misericórdia de mim = (
GREAT TOOL!!!!!!	
wish that i could save my progress so that i can work on it a little every day and still get credit for finishing it.	
The component doesn't always load up-- stalling at the loading bar showing 100% loaded.
I love that you gave us the option to open the eBook and search through it for the answers. It's extremely helpful.	
get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!
This is a waste of time. It is WAY too long and the questions are unbearable in that the grammar is horrid. We are college students. Put a little effort into our education instead of wasting our time and not teaching us anything.
More questions that ask for the determination the products formed from the reactions of aldehydes/ketones and various reagents would be helpful.	
Você é mais idiota do que eu!
I wishe the quizes had questions similar to the learn smart.	
GREAT JOB
This module is very helpful to me.  It makes me stop and think as i have a tendency to half read the questions and check the first answer.  i need to reread the questions and all of the answers, your module is helping me to do this thanks	
I loveeee this part of class!!!	
I wish their where more multiple choice questions arranging is diffcult sometimes. When arranging maybe it could have like 1-3 tries and then if you get it wrong then place it in the the rest of the unknown stack. Also maybe adding videos on how you got it wrong would be helpful too.	
I hate Learn Smart!!
buenas essas coisas.
I have only been use to taking test and doing homework in a multi choise way that practically gave you the answers, but I think this way is alright because it gets you to thinking about a lot of the material read.  This way will be very benefical on the test.	
I'll be happy to correct any clarifications, so please contact me back at brandoncdedwards@yahoo.com.
It's a nice simple way to learn the material.	
This takes WAY TO LONG.
This has helped me learn a lot of information!!!!	
This was fun.	
I think this software is a waste of time. I am only doing these learnsmart activities to recieve a grade. They do not help.
doesnt fit with my class. not helpful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Learn smart is hleping me understand more to what the book is telling me	
Memorization out of a book is not a conducive way to learn a foreign language.
Takes up too much time. I'd rather spend what time I had studying in a way that helps me. Not be forced to do this.
Corrigido um pequeno bug ...
some of the file in the blank can be rather difficult because I do not understand what they are asking. The blank could possibly filled with multiple answers and the statement would still be true.	
This is useless, idiotic, monotonous, ridiculous and A WASTE OF MY TIME
I like this study material that is open for us to use.  	
Great form of reviewing and practicing the material read in the chapters	
i personally like this way of studying. it allows for a quick response out of class of what we are doing wrong in our thinking on whatever subject we are using learnsmart for	
Yes, Levi?
Great learning module, I hope to see more of these for a variety of subjects such as physics and chemistry! Keep up the good work!	
It is a great way to learn new vocabulary and grammar through Learnsmart.	
eu not
I wish you'd be a little more lenient with spelling!	
This is an excellent studying tool for this class	
To better improve LearnSmart, reduce the amount of questions.	
Answers should be limited to the terminology used in the book. For instance, price reduction instead of price decline.  I missed this one by saying reduction and your answer was decline.
thank you for helping me learn more about human growth development!	
fuck this too much work for one assignment
show where you can find the answer in the book	
Focuses on one topic too much
While reading the textbook, I do not retain as much information because I am not sure what is important or not, but while I work on my LearnSmart for each chapter, i tke notes on the each question that I do not answer correctly to know what I have to look back on in the textbook to make a note of its importance.	
I do enjoy if we the student are struggling, the learn smart module pops up and says go study you are not answering the questions correctly.  This giving you a better way to know what to study or look over for these questions.	
I like the revision it helps to gain an understanding of the material.	
Some of the questions are contradictory to information in the text.
Chosing if we feel confident in the question and rating the style of question is repeditive. It takes away from the actual question. I enjoy telling my confidence so that learnsmart can better assist me.	
Você tem drogas ou usa?
There are some sections in each chapter that my instructor will skip over & tell us that we dont need to know this information. Though LearnSmart still ask us questions pertaining to these sections is a good thing, because the book is so well written that if you understand the first section of the chapter it ties into the other sections.	
the more i use this site the better it seems to be 	
I LOVE the new website! I took this class at a private college (12th edition hole's) and my credits did NOT transfer so I am retaking this course. I used the 12th edition to study a lot from before and this is so much better! 	
LearnSmart is very useful program. It can help me to remember more about the content and psychologic terms in the text .Thanks a lot.	
I like this a lot more than then my classes and such even though I'm not very good at it I feel I am starting to remember the answers after I get into the swing of things.	
vou ter que deitar furry na porrada é isso mesmo?
How can i even read the text when i have to complete this exercise in such a sort amount of time. we have not even had three classes yet. this is not my only class, and its taking away hours i need to spend with other studies. Not impressed.
I should be learning this stuff in class, not spending hours outside of class on material we haven't gone over. I didnt take an online class, this is not how I learn. I'm wasting hours of my life when my teacher should be teaching me in class.
btw. if you are publishing standings, and say someone in the class gets upset that you are publishing competitive standings, and the student were to recieve due stress (for example: other students not wanting that student in a workgroup due to low scores seen in your module) who would be more liable in a FERPA case you or the university you are partnering with? imho, both of you and while i don't fall into this category of disgruntled student, you might consider the legality of such a pain in the ass product that you are profiting from. 
então vem aq chupa minha hola
It is fun for homework standards!	
some of the fill in the blanks are very vague. i wish there were more multiple choice options instead of fill in because I sometimes have a hard time knowing what i should be writing in the boxes	
PARA SEMPRE!
Excellent learning and studying technique	
I think this is a complete waste of my time.
The only way to answer the questions is through deductive reasoning. I never use the book to answer the questions because reading the chapter doesn't help me answer them. I really hate this program, and the quizzes are even worse. They have nothing to do with what I'm studying in this LearnSmart module. I think that you guys should rethink your whole process. Thanks for nothing.
Some of the fill in the blanks can be used by more than one word. For example... larger vs greater. The answers are word for word from the text. 
I love this program! It's awesome. 	
Tchau amor da minha vida gostosa linda maravilhosa eu nunca vou achar uma pessoa tão maravilhosa como você eu vou morrer sozinho sem você a Deus sexo a Deus sacanagem
My retention of the material has not increased as a result of LearnSmart.  This program may potentially hurt my overall grade in the course because I am having difficulty adjusting to its process of reviewing and assessing.
A list of key terms and people would help me to quickly assess what I know and what I need to review before going through the questions. A list of key people would be especially helpful since this isn't already in the book.	
I find it very helpful to review them! 	
If just guessing is clicked and the right answer is provided, provide an explanation on why the answer is correct. When i click just guessing I'm really just guessing and would like to know why the answer i chose happened to  be correct. 	
this takes forever! I answer question, after question and it never ends. This is painfully slow and killing heuge amounts of the limited time I have to do the home work assigned.
I don't know some stuffs that teacher did not teach but this count my grade
I have found that the LearnSmart module is very exhaustive in the information it helps learn. But my experience with my A&P 1 course is that my exams don't cover as much material. The issue is that I spend so much time learning in depth that I know way more than I need for the test but not enough to get A's on them.  This seems like it will be my first B in 5 semesters... But it is very helpful and almost fun to use. Please fix the Android version. It wasn't helpful that for the last 3 weeks it has been out of commission .... just in time to be useless for finals.  Thank you.  I enjoy the program.	
a Giovanna?!
It is not necessary to have as many questions in order for students to understand the concept.  Module material like this discourages students and make the material become very boring and no longer exciting to learn.  Learning should be fun and not dreadful.	
The naming system was the most difficult and I had to look up most questions in the textbook,	
Some of this stuff I know from highschool, but the stuff I don't know, I learn quickly because I get asked the question until I get it right. I like that part a lot.	
Learnsmart sucks. Your answers are too specific.
Here is a tip, read your own text book. The key terms, ask questions on them and only them. The other BS needs to stop. Also learn that human beings who actually do try this system hate it, due to the lack of more than one way to answer the question. You want to improve your program? All questions are multiple choice with only one right answer. Two of those answers can be ruled out by common sense. The other two, one is right and the other is close to being right. The questions are ONLY on the Key terms to know. 
omgsosorry
Se você tiver dúvidas, experimente perguntar a uma pessoa real antes.
think it is a great learnig tool.  	
i wish it was easy i just wanna cry!
I would like to see more variety of questions. Also, more questions about suffixes, prefixes and roots.	
Great program, but it would help if there were an app for my smartphone, so I could keep doing exercises when convenient. 	
good job	
its the wat they are worded, sometimes i put in more info than it wants like proximodistal patter instead of just proximodistal and get it wrong. other times it my spelling:(	
Use 30 questions instead of 60 bro	
I love anything that challenges me to learn faster and retain. This worked for me. I have ADD!	
Excellent wording in questioning which helps one identify and apply the princiiples of economic congruity.	
There are WAY too many questions to be answered. It is tedious and time-consuming. Not as helpful as it should be considered you devote hours to LearnSmart
_
pani no cistema alguem me desconfiguro 😭
stop giving fill in the blanks.....because the answers are usually never in the book
The fill in the blank are crazy, because you never really have a good idea of what word they want.
I believe some of the answers you've marked wrong are actually correct.  It would be nice if students could challenge all answers.  Also, some of the wording of questions is confusing and unclear.	
Less fill in the blanks	
some of the questions that are asked in LearnSmart are from other chapters that have not been assigned yet. I find myself searching through the index quite often to find the answers.	
Nunca vou te decepcionar
taca a mãe pra ver se quica
The material on LearnSmart is mostly vocabulary and sometimes very picky.  The rxns shown are way too easy, more like an example than an actualy homework question
Muito doce, hein?
Most of the questions are not substantive, but maybe thats just the nature of marketing. Does it really matter, for instance that an SBU is a strategic business unit, not a segmented business unit, or seperate business unit, or semi-autonomous business unit? No, Who gives a flying flip? Understanding the concept of a segment of the business opperating semi-autonomously to produce a separate product or service seems to be the important part. Who cares what the S in the innitialism actually stands for... 
vamo uma partida de lol se tu ganhar mando foto do pezinho... 👉🏻👈🏻
these help a lot,, especially with he ebook so esay accessed at the same time. 	
Usually am able to pick out correct answers if mutiple choice. Only have some trouble on fill in the blank questions. 	
sim amo !
XNAMEX rebase plx?
LearnSmart helps but when doing the normal homework this program is worthless. It does not tell you why you get the problem wrong and it doesn't give you any help on how to do it. The book helps a little but I would prefer the program to explain to me how to do the problem. 
ja parou pra pensar que o lucas se esforçou por mais de 5 anos sem receber 1 real e ainda por cima sendo maltratado? Haja coragem pqp
If it could be made so that clicked answers need to be confirmed it would be much easier, as my touch pad clicked incorrect answers while I moved my mouse toward my desired choice.	
I really like the learnsmart. It does help with the learning process.	
Your questions are often vague and unclear. Which makes it difficult when trying to figure out what it is you are actually asking for. I often have to spend time to decipher the question before actually begining to figure out what the answer is.
The fact that I get a wrong answer from a spelling mistake is irritating	
This doesn't help me. At all. I don't understand the point; I just go through, look up whatever I don't remember from reading the chapter and immediately forget it again. No matter how man y times the questions come up.
I wish it would elaborate a bit more on the questions missed. Give us more feedback	
I hate this thing.  I only do it because it's extra credit.
This is a great way to learn. If you get it wrong you do it till your right so it is a great concept. It is alot of questions and takes alot of time though. Also how some of the questions are the same just phrased different is a nice way to make sure you understand the whole concept. I like this very much, it is just time consuming. 	
a lot of questions	
I find this program to be considerably helpful. I especially like the large number of optional questions that I will surely use to study before my exams. The program runs smoothly and is easy to learn so I never feel annoyed or frustrated	
I can't stand the fill in the blank questions. They are too vague, and I feel that there are multiple answers that work, sometimes the answer I give seems more appropriate (for instance, saying a graph measures heat instead of temperature). I also can't handle that it marks you wrong for slight misspellings, such as giving the answer in the plural or singlular form.
feliz segunda-feira _ bleh _
Large amount of variation in time between sections	
I like how LearnSmart gives the user the options at the bottom, that says i Know it, possible know it, maybe, just guessing. 	
You can't teach economics by forcing students to memorize answers to random, de-contextualized questions.  I hate pounding buttons like a monkey. 
Semantics are throwing me off.
Ja,  due just eine Schlampe
some questions are vague 	
I CAN HAZ PYTHON, I CAN HAZ INDENTS
I love this!	
Thank to Learnsmart (online activities), the information seems to be alot clearer and more understandable than the book. I believe the book is more complicated and harder to comprehend. 	
i don't like the do you know the answer part before you can answer the question	
The questions are ridiculously specific and not helpful in synthesizing the material. I hate doing these and I wouldn't spend extra money on this course if it wasn't required.
Im doing this while watching football	
I wish that the buttons to click (choices) were at least a space from each other. 	
claro!!! eu te amo!
I believe this is a good tool for learning the material and would encourage further use of this product.	
had to finish rather quickly because i have plenty of homework this weekend but, i will return monday to study for the exam	
this shit is useless and i'm forced to pay for this service and complete the useless assignments by my teacher.
Thank you this is great	
por que sim
A few things were not covered in the material assigned/read.	
This is very hard to finish when my ebook will not open to let me read the chapter.	
When making a mistake, the student needs to be pointed to where he went wrong, not just be force fed the same question repeatedly till they get the right answer.
Some things are not covered by the professor so it requires a little more delving into Google or the textbook, but this site is very helpful nonetheless	
These little girls running around my living room make this module way harder than it should be because my head is about to explode!	
Doing things like answering questions is what helps mee review, and i like how if i get something wrong that learnsmart will throw it randomly back in there and if i get it wrong again it will keep doing that until i get it right. I like that!	
O teste de unidade XNUM15X foi desativado porque a compilação precisava sair agora e não havia tempo para consertá-la adequadamente.
Não me diga que você é muito cego para ver
opa
Way too much time to do these!	
i spelled  word wrong and i got the answer wrong even though it was right
i didn't know i had to read the textbook before hand, that has 	
i want paper, not an online class
It would be helpful if there were a couple of chances to answer the same quesion before jumping to the next one. sometimes accidental clicks occur or a slight confusion in the reading. a second chance to enter the correct answer would be beneficial	
more questions in each module to complete it	
vsf
this does NOT help with absorbing material. also a very large percentage of these questions are subjective and are assuming things about the person answering. also there are spelling errors in the questions themselves. I would never use this program as a teacher and I find that it is most likely a lazy solution for teachers to not have to do as much work. 
i really like it!	
Literally the worst way to study and useless.  Actually makes me forget information because it is set up horribly and the answers are so ridiculous.  It is the worst way to study ever.  if it wasnt worth points i would never use this.  I would only use my class notes and read the book and id prolly do better on the tests instead of wasting hours on this bullshit
As of 2012 there are 7 billion people on earth, not 6.8.
silêncio seu corno 
These modules are time intensive which is not a good learing style for College students. To answer these ridiculus questions over, and over until you have answered them all correctly is not only tedious, but frusterating. I am able to pass my tests without the training of this pathedic excuse for training activity.
This was my first time so I was a little nervouse.	
I find this tool very helpful.	
some of the questions are worded weirdly and don't make sense when you read them, then you get the answer wrong because the wording was incorrect.	
por que uma negra gravida de tri-gemeos foi presa? r:formação de quadrilha
eu sei que eu sou
WELLUBA
Would like to see all the questions/answers after quiz is done.	
I still find this course really hard	
boring, lacks interaction
These assignments are way too long. We have other classes to do work for too so its not fair that these assignments take this long.
I think some of the questions are poorly worded. For example, I believe one question was; During fermentation, was reduces pyruvates? According to this program, the correct answer is NADH but it clearly states electrons from NADH. The way I interprut it, NADH is just the vehicle that carries the electrons to do the work.
I believe that this is a fair way to see how one is doing in the class.	
LearnSmart is confusing and not helpful.
I like the ALMOST CORRECT thing because spelling is fairly difficult for me.	
iPhone app is not syncing my progress at all!!! I need this to work properly.
São fodas
This is a great tool for studying --- I really appreciate its thouroughness!	
Finding a couple questions that have two or three correct answers, but not getting the information to supply the most correct answer.	
iala, um nazista
Although I haven't done very much so far I am already finding that I like this service. It's first impresion is far better than any other service I have had to use such as Aplia, MyMathlab, or eHW. Plus the friendly scoring system gives a little extra incentive to study hard.	
I think learn smart is a great study tool!	
LearnSmart is a great tool to use for studying. I haven't utilized this tool as much as I should, probably because I'm usually away from a computer if I'm not specifically setting time aside to study. I would suggest making it easily accessible to capable cell-phones. I think people would use it more often if it was more readily available via media other than a desktop or laptop computer.	
Too many questions!!	
its a very interedting learnign tool.	
n to vendo
que cheiro de buceta mal lavada 😭
I wish I could go through it all again so I can continue to practice and study.	
Enough with the multiple answers for each question.
eu nunca gostei de vocês por mim todos vocês morram com os ossos apodrecendo lentamente e a carne exposta sendo mastigada por urubus famintos 😍😍💞
i really like learn smart. It is very helpful	
this is pointless and annoying as hell. 
Harharhar
Some of the questions I get confused on what is being asked.	
naooooo ele n podeeee ele já namora a Alexia Maciel!!!!<3
easy to use website! 	
It has helped to make learning Anatomy so much easier.	
This module isn't very helpful to me because it doesn't fit very well with my learning style. This being said it wastes valuable time that I could use for other studying methods. If it weren't required for a grade I would not be doing this.
This is terrible.
Only difficult due to not retaining the study material.	
removendo testes de unidade
This is really fun, good job!	
I have not been able to answer questions using my asus transformer tablet. I do not know if it is the mobile site not working or if I can't figure out how to use it the right way. Maybe it would be a good idea to creat an app for phones and tablets.	
trindade gay
I would like to know WHY some answers are wrong or even why an answer is correct.	
Some answers are very difficult to understand.  Some answers appear to be the same, which makes it difficult to understand why a person could get an answer wrong.	
I dont feel learnsmart is a viable tool because some people will purposly miss the question, then write down the correct answers so when the question is asked again they already have the answer without understanding why it is the answer.  I feel the best learning material if you truely want to learn the material is a textbook and paper. because you HAVE to find the answers to be confident that you are correct as opposed to guessing, recording the correct answer for later.  
If the test is like this, then this class is a joke	
This just really isn't my way of learning.
Guys it's spelled NERVOSA not nervoa.  I was right.  	
I think if you miss a qustion you should not have to go back and redue that question. If you miss it you miss it. It is taking way to much time to complete this. 
Questions are stated clear enough. Text does not match up the same as in the textbook.
It would be helpful that when the correct answer is confirmed that you could hear the pronunication of the word as well.	
this is a good learnsmart. redox can be tough for students to learn	
wish the homework questions were shorter. hard to fit other studies in with 80 questions for homework and 50 questions just for quizzes	
You give us way to many questions for one module. On top of the pre and post test.	
I answered all the questions without the help of the textbook, I'm coming into this class with an above average understanding of nutrition, so that might give wrong results for you guys.	
There is nothing inately wrong with the gamification of didactic modules, but the nature of the course provides no real motivation other than intrinsic factors like just plain earning a grade. Keep up the good work though. 
Stop the prompt that asks to use space on my computer. 
Don't put so many questions to do in one week's time. Around 75 to 100 questions per week is substantial for each lesson. 	
Live what Lucas preaches about knowing your audience.  There are way to many instructions on how not to offend gays and lesbians, women, aborters, people of non-anglo descent, and non-Judeo, Christians.  If I must listen to lectures on Ramadan , which I don't mind by the way, why can't I also listen to a lecture on the origin of the Passover or the real meaning of Easter.  I feel like the writer of this course material is attempting to social-engineer  conservative morrals (not to be confused with republican) out of it's readers.  	
iiii uma egrilo
Busy. Work.
i like doing this ! it's helpful.	
The program does not update itself on the home page!!
I feel some of the questions are not worded very clearly. It's rare but I come across one or two that don't clearly convey the intention of the question.	
Many of these questions are poorly worded.  An even bigger problem is that that no weight is given to the material.  Many questions are just random sentences from the textbook and waste a lot of study time from knowing the key elements of the reading.  
really good learning system	
i know i need to study harder.	
It would be helpful to have a way to hear the proper pronunciation of the words in the modules. What would be amazing would be if you were able to hit say answer or pronounce to help associate the sight of the word with the sound.  	
Questions that allow you to type in an answer pose a problem because it is picky as to what answer you choose. For example if the answer was fish and I type a more specific bass, that answer would be counted wrong. 	
some of the wording on the questions (well at least for me ) sounded a bit off.	
LearnSmart seems to be a very effective way of learning and preparing for upcoming tests.	
Learnsmart is not helpful at all. All it does is waste my time when I could be studying the material a more efficient way.
Too many questions and you still need to provide answers to review after completion this is the most unhelpful way of studying I have ever done and a complete waste of time on money for your tools.
Education today is decades behind. We need a new method of teaching students, as the conventional system of sitting down and listening to someone ramble on doesn't work in the age of free unlimited information. We need a new educational system and LearnSmart could very well be a big part of education in the future. 	
O meu pau pode ser um pouco duro as vezes....
ain tenho 13 anos e tenho probleminhas
I am encountering here the issue I have encountered with all other online learning products: on subjects I understand well I have an artificially lowered score due to the inherent one-way communication.
você foi metaforado
Eu claro que tô vei se é facilão
learning stuff online sucks.
Não acredito que demorou tanto para escrever um teste para isso.
Learning should be more than memorizing bold terms, Learnsmart may help for quizzes but it will not help in the long run. 	
Program is very bumpy. It's constantly freezing up, to the point where you have to close out of the program completely and then restart it.
Bug corrigido
I feel some of the questions are tricky, and intentionally are led so you get some wrong. Alos I do not like the questions were it asks you to click on multiple answers, sometimes when there are six options to click on it gets overwhelming and confusing. Also that many possible answers for one question makes the font too small on the problem. 	
i love it. could use more varience of questions	
If I understand the questions correctly, I think I'll do better.English is being my second language make more difficult for me ,
I really enjoy using LearnSmart because I believe the repetition of the question being asked in different ways keeps me on my toes. I like that I get scored as well because it pushes me to really think about the question so that I get it right and bump up my score. So far LOVING LearnSmart!	
Half of the time I don't understand what the question is asking me. The questions need to be worded differently.	
This system is a great learning tool but very extensive considering the credit hour.
I like using LearnSmart to study and I am glad that my teacher gave us this learning resource, i think that it helps my grades, but I know I should use it and my notes to study more. :-)	
I should be able to click enter to submit an answer, especially on short-answer/text input questions. 	
I like this, it really helps me learn. Visual aid is a huge help.	
this is a great way to study. It can also make it fun by competing with others and comparing scores.	
I wish that I used LearnSmart earlier in the semester. I probably would have scored higher on my first midterm if I did.	
Once you get the module working, the material flows very smoothly. The standings box is a little distracting, but at the same time it's nice to see how well I'm doing compared to others.	
É A MELHOR SÉRIE DA VIDA HUMANA
doesnt always match the book.. or the question is misleading (answer is a simple word while im too busy looking for a large/scientific term)	
boring and monotonous thus no retention...	
what?
weeeee organic chemistry is SO HARD BUT I JUST LOVE IT LITTLE SCIENCE PUZZLEZ	
useless and complete time waster
This is a very ridiculous way to learn things and be forced to do as an assignment. 
the competitive aspect of the module is fun. it makes it a game where you try to beat other people and the points system is challenging in a good way. 	
I dont thing there should be so many questions for each chapter.	
diga
I understand that sometimes the wording of a question is rearranged in order to get the student thinking. However, it's getting to the point where the questions just become blatantly confusing. Simplify the wording please.	
this questions are someting that will help me alot on my test	
Marking whether or not I think I know the answer is purely a hindrance. It interupts my train of thought, and was, within minutes, a chore that I had no intention of performing. I now arbitrarily press probably instead of giving any thought to my own state of mind, because without seeing the various answers (sometimes whole sentences that clear up ambiguities, sometimes simple journal entries) I have no concept of what the question is asking.
Agora dizemos que seu navegador é péssimo em sua língua nativa.
Feio parece o demonio em pessoa aquele gay ja ate me deu a rola paramim chupar e o gosto é de cu
This is pissing me off. 
Não vou me desculpar pela arte.
Although the materials are many but it helps me to remember. Learn Smart is good	
I wish there was a little more time for the module	
I never used a tool like this before. I kind of like it.	
for dificulty id likely say challenging insted of difficult. however the learnsmart program is a well put together in that it has very simple language and easy to fallow along with the book. 	
I am not a good speller and needing to put a - in some words is to picky  
Gave me aids for the second time
extremely challenging questions really stimulates all your skills 	
Some of the question that LearnSmart is asking isn't what my professor wants me to focus on. I feel like I am wasting my time doing these question when I could be studying the items that I know I need to rather than little details about the chapter that are irrelavent. I only do LearnSmart for the completion grade.
LearnSmart is a great source to learn this information, only thing that makes it too long is for people like me who have to do all of it in 8 weeks instead of the normal 16 weeks. So its harder to spend the time it really take to learn and retain the information, instead of getting it done and out the way cause the assignment is due soon and you want a good grade. 	
ala suco de graxa kkkkk
I like how you get a second chance to redo the questions you missed.	
I'm enjoying it more than I thought I would! It's helping me study which was something i needed. Thank you!	
I really like the vaiety of questions and the answering techniques because it helps you pay more attention to what the question is actually asking.	
I don't like being foreced to learn the material this way. It seems way to forced to be required to study this way.
I love bonus points. 	
i believe this program is a good idea, and makes studying a much easier, and almost fun experience opposed to traditional studying methods	
I have a hard time studying the book. I feel that I learn more seeing the material like this than just reading.	
Não me pergunte, também não tenho ideia de por que isso funciona
Um compromisso total é o que estou pensando
I am finding thi chapter a little more challenging to comprehend and retain.  	
This is my first time using the LearnSmart tool, and so far I am happy with this resource.  I feel like this will help me learn the topic's key information.	
This was very different...	
I'm not learning anything.
The wording for these can be a little too intense
very helpful	
Os dragões ainda estão a caminho!
Te amo cara
to open it on the right spot when it askes you to review	
It would be nice if the questions (especially those missed) would do more to reinforce the CORRECT information. 
puta é você
I got distracted and went to another page for a solid amount of time	
WAY TOO MANY QUESTIONS
i like pudding cups	
tara!
Not just in this module, but in every module, the questions are sometimes worded oddly and the question is not as clear as it could be.	
I love this program	
Its really just spitback and it doesnt mean i know it 	
Adoroooo
THis is very helpful to my learning!!!	
some of the questions and answer are just a little confusing at times.  but rereading the chapter little by little helps a little morel
I find this not at all helpful in learning chemistry
Have less exercises. It is frustrating to solve all these excersises; it is a lot of work	
sim eu quero
Definitley need more study time and wish there was a iPhone APP.	
Afew questions didnt appear to have the right answers.	
I hate learnsmart, and it is probably because I hate geology
Maybe have formulas, a picture is a good way to relate concepts	
ludacris anwsers 
sério? Que pena eu ia te convidar para tomar um sorvete
Some of the questions seem to have a Gotcha answer, which can be frustrating.	
The LearnSmart program is helpful in reviewing the material.  However, some of the questions are worded in a confusing way. 	
some of the questions seem to require the exact same phrasing used in the text 	
Waste of time and effort
Reticulando splines ...
These pick 3 out of 4 questions are redundant; not helping me review my material. I am more interested in skipping through than deciphering wordy questions about vague topics like ethics and citations
nao, ja sou da Vani linda
Too many questions that ask the same question in different words... Don't add questions just to add them.
This learn smart probably sounded great as an idea but all I am doing is memorizing I learn nothing everything I lean comes from the book, class, and the homework this is useless 
i wish the questions were a bit more specific, i feel a few of them seemed like a multitude of answers could have been correct.	
This makes me miserable. I wish there were videos explaining everything to me before I am asked questions.
has been very helpful.	
I really enjoy this module. I feel it is a lot better and easier to learn with this kind of system. 	
i should have read the chapter first before i began anwsering questions	
ITS GREAT.	
às vezes você apenas herp o derp tão forte que herpderps
The text gets too small when there is a large problem and it's hard to read. 	
It is a good learning tool and I enjoy it, especially since I am taking an online course.  I wish all college courses had this type of a learning system.	
saudemmm o deus gay fernando wainstein
vamos
im the best theres ever been ..... this is the stupidest thing 	
Would recommend LearnSmart; good stuff.	
Onde?
E eu sei lá.
claro eu adoroooooooo
THIS IS RIDICULOUS. WHAT KIND OF QUESTIONS ARE THESE? I TAKE MORE TIME READING THE DAMN QUESTIONS THAN ACTUALLY FINDING OUT THE ANSWER.  WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO PROVE?
BITE ME?????
This chapter is just a really hard chapter.  The first chapter was way easier.	
jesus is god 
a loli e um negão com uma pika de 60cm e o pãozinho numca escoleu a minha frase
some off the wall questions	
imediat
Generally I do not benefit from online resources, but I actually find Learnsmart quite helpful.	
this program is very helpful	
I really like this program. I really do.	
I read the material and I am not finding the answers that well. I don't think this is a good way to test someone's knowledge.
This is a huge time sink, not every one can use this tool. I dont have much free time and this eats it.
yo nice work ;)	
I really enjoy having opportunities for guided online study. It really helped me exceed expectations in Gen. Chem. 1 and I missed it in Gen. Chem. 2. Doing exercises like these after reading assignments has proven to be my most valuable study tool. I wish all classes offered something similar.	
think it's a very good system	
The types of vegetarians, I feel, are incorrect from what I've been taught by other vegetarians.	
it shouldnt take so long to do the assignments. even reading the material it is difficult. Also they need to have multiple choice through out it all it would be easier and less time consuming. 	
you should recieve atleast half credit if you get the answer right but forget to put in the accent	
I get youre trying to help us learn, but 131 questions in a session is just ridiculous, i do not need a final exam per chapter just to excel in a class	
Vai, ela ta dando pra geral, pq não daria pra vc.
great program! has really helped me in my A&P class!!	
it's pretty effective	
Why do you all give 40 of the most hardest questions to your students. And for those of us who have to do the homework assignment after the learn smart portion, it takes a LONG time to complete these excercises. 
Needs android support for written answers	
only bacause i need to study more	
In diagrams, having to name the part that the arrow points to are difficult to determing which answer you are looking for.	
I enjoy it.	
I really enjoyed  Learnsmart	
Some of the questions are worded realllllly badly and hard to understand. Or, theyre gramatically wrong or missing words which makes it harder	
it tells you your wrong even if its right and youve just mispelled it slightly. also the book doesnt alway correlate with the questions it gets confusing	
te amo  seu gostoso
I dont spend much time on your module because the info I learn here is useless in class, and thats what these are meant for right? To do better in MY specific class, no matter what level of difficulty my class is? I know you guys are just starting out, but c'mon! You guys could learn from other online homework sites! I mean, take a look at mastering biology and mastering math (or something like that). They have their stuff down! I had to do online homework at thier site and it REALLY worked for me. I was horrid at math in high school, but after taking masteringmath, I feel like I can take on ANY math class with ease! Their online homework and study modules made my math anxiety completely dissapear!!! By making us YOUR guinea pigs, you guys are jeopardizing OUR chances of studying something usefull and also ultimately being able to pass the class! I hope you know that I am a 3.6gpa student and if it werent for an accident I had one semester, I would have a 4.0gpa so it isn't like I am some pissed off student blaming everything but myself. I yet to have ONE 'aHA' moment on connect, and the fact that I have had at least one or more 'aHA' moments everytime I logged on to the mymastering website and not yours, really pisses me off. Its cool if you guys are trying to be innovators and everything, but its fucked up when people to it at the expense of others. Do it less for the money and time, and more for the student that will have the ability to pass thanks to your study methods.
The multiple-answer questions are too ambiguous. 
Ah não
this is a accounting course not a spelling course 
bora você primeiro
These questions are worded so poorly. Seriously revise how the are worded and allow more than one answer. Seriously this is a joke and waste of time.
tá bom *RANDOM* agora faz silêncio ai
i think learn smart prepares you for test and quizzes. It lets so see the different approaches that can be taken on a particular topic.	
Dont listen to people who complain about the point scheme. I believe it's perfectly fair.	
Algo consertado
I learn more than in school	
THis section was a little easier than the last one. 	
more mutiple choice	
With a human being, there is the ability to express concepts without extremely strict language, or elucidate an idea to show understanding. With a true/false form like this one, there is a language barrier.
I beleive that the 30 minute estimate is not accurate. When I complete these modules, it takes me longer. Which is not within my professors expectations for time. Other students in my class have this same issue. 	
It is a great study method. It teaches and shows you the answer and why they are. 	
A link to the page number of the textbook which the question addresses would be helpful	
It is sometimes difficult to find the right part in the book for the correct answer, however that is what helps me study better. =) makes me read	
I love it!	
The questions are stupid. Half of them don't relate to the material I read. Many of the questions require me to know minute details that I know won't be on the exam. These modules are a waste of time.
Some of the questions are worded in a way that is difficult to dedide on the correct answer	
this is annoying
this is too hard. your questions are stupid
The way some of these questions are worded are sometimes missleading.	
It is really short for answering one question!	
fuck Learnsmart
im busy not
It was a little confusing at first because it look like it was a survey at first. Once I kept trying it I finally realized that this was the homework.	
ou divide a namorada com nos 😎
great program !!!	
Would not recommend.
I wish the material in each module was the material that we actually HAVE to learn.  That it was the same material that is in our OBJECTIVES!!  I am putting too much time in to material that is not required of me!	
batata
I believe this is an excellent way to learn how much I actually retain from reading the textbook.	
some of the questions are not fair because they are not grammatically correct. So much so that the correct answer would not make sense. 	
I like this system. it is creative.	
Please denote when a question will be fill in the blank (typed out) or multiple choice.	
This sucks...
some of the questions are tricky.	
LernSmart is very useful.
im hungry
On several of the questions that have you match a long list of terms with their definitions after I ordered one or two at the top of the list, the remaining were already in their correct positions.  That made it too easy. Otherwise, I am really enjoying studying this way!	
The company is corrupt and exploiting the citizens of this country; and the employees of such companies are allowing evil to succed by doing nothing. 
this class consists of alot of material that is material we need to remember, and I can't remember all of what is needed. 	
*va arranjar emprego filho da ----*
I had some confusion in the questions asking to rearange the order from largest to smallest or most to least.  I was not sure if the top or bottom of the list was the beginning.	
this is unnecsessary. I have other things to do rather than worrying about this
this is an excellant program	
I have been out of school for a week due to being ill, and I am finally catching up with this material.  It is taking me awhile because I haven't looked at it for a week straight, and LearnSmart is very helpful when reviewing.  Even though it is taking me a significant amount of time to complete, it is extremely helpful.  I like that you can't finish the assignment until you get the assigned number of questions correct.	
it helps me remeber things easier and doesnt let me forget in the classroom setting.	
otsr
the questions should not keep on going after you get them wrong. you should be graded each time, mutliple attempts, and highest grade taken.
Maybe you could add a check before accepting the answer like are you sure button or something. Some things I get wrong are because i read the question wrong. I still know the correct answer	
Sempre foi
Its really unfair the you get docked 200 points when you get anything wrong.	
On the select all that apply questions, it would be nice if 2 correct and a wrong resulted in some points (albiet few) instead of total wrongness.  I fail to see how that situation is different than 2 correct and one missed.
As great as the practice is for the vocabulary it doesn't help much when there arent any problems that make us practice applying the terms in an equation. Such as having us fill out a t chart correctly every once in a while might help us understand the homework better.	
It is really hard to know when to use the right accent marks	
If students want to use this to help them study let them do not make it part of their grade
Font is too small, all that empty space on the screen and the letters are itty bitty.
So of the answers are not covered in the book.	
help to understand and practice	
Lose too many points when we missed questions.	
Nitpicking sobre métodos de alfabetização, coisa menor de TOC
Some questions are ridiculous and too hard to find in the book.	
i wish after your done, all the flash cards you used in that given chapter would appear in a document that you could print out and study later.	
o sistema e foda parcero🐴🚬
Some questions are quite simple while others are just a bit on the difficult side.  May I suggest the build up method, where, rather than asking near the begining that I match several Supream Court cases with their effects and later having me answer individual case questions, you ask the individual case questions first and reserve the grouped question for later in the series?  This would reinforce the learning, as opposed to determining what is already know, like a test situation.	
Some of the questions make no sense and the answers aren't the same as in the book
i didny get stuff right because of el or la. thats stupid
Real Madrid
These quesions are adiquate to what I need to know for the tes. There are too many redundant questions. There is entierly too many question for the sections. After 100 question and less, I'm not even trying to actually learn the question I just want the answer and more. Maybe the company should split up the questions int sections instead of chapters, it would help a lot. 
I need to spend more time on this module to review basic material as well as read my textbook and take notes in there and read my notes from my professor.	
The questions are reasonably hard. The hard part of these quizzes is that you must get the exact answer to get the question correct.	
jsjsjsjkdjdj
It allows the partipants to interact and learn more by this learning format. The way that the questions were structured allows people to get the gist of the material learned applied to another format.	
Just fine, really. And yourself?
I hope to catch up on the modules tp successfully learn the material.	
My aunt had a baby in the middle of my session! I sort of lost track of time a little. 	
The wording makes the questions more confusing than anything.  It's like reading ACT questions again...	
I think it should provide chances for you to make your own financial statements, so you get the hang of it on excel.	
LearnSmart is a wonderful addition to my learning. I do find it frustrating, however, that I type an answer in with one word but it is wrong because the modual uses a different word that means the same thing. It would be great to get some applying knowledge on the job questions in the moduals for future nurses!	
This program is helping me to understand the ins and outs of the economic institution.	
The video is too long	
it's lengthy but sure worth the time	
They are all pretty much the same question but changed up words to trick you.
learning to travel witin this site is not obvious to mature learner	
Loved the program but it took way too long to complete it and I feel as though the answers we got incorrect arenâ€™t being reinforced well enough.
there were a couple verbs that I feel could've been used instead of the correct answers. it made me feel like i was wrong although it could've been right	
gente n e indireta nem nada mais tem gente no gp que toma chazinho de picão
More multiple choice questions would make it easier and require less time while still learning the material. All tests are multiple choice for my class. 	
de nada fofa ^^
It isn't very fair to make it look like there is only one answer to a question, only to find out that there are multiple answers afterwards. Not sure how to fix that, just a thought	
none of the questions were in the chapter 
Este é o meu código. Meu código é incrível.
the questions on tests should be just like the questions. 	
...magique 
Claro que sim.
I feel that this will help me study and better understand the subject of business management. Really good idea!	
This is a huge waste of time and I am not learning anything!
Too many questions per chapter!	
I really am beginning to like this feature. It brings the classmate Q&A to this online course....very helpful!	
I strongly detest the propagande of using PowerPoint as a key phrase - There are many programs which can do the same (or better). - dont get me wrong microsoft is great... but lets stop filling the minds of college students with ads when they're trying to study	
que sempre foi seu sonho e eu sua linda e perfeita pra vc
THIS. IS. DUMB.
Existem apenas 3 memes aprovados. Sinal de paz, orelhas de coelho, weiner falso.
tu novio te dejó por poética
I find the prompts that appear when I'm having difficulty with a specific topic to be especially helpful, particularly the ability to open to the specific page in the eBook that contains the relevant information. It makes reviewing the topic really simple, which of course means that i actually review it! (:	
I feel that the quizzes that go along with these modules are not anything like the module itself and the quizzes need to be more like the module, I walk away from the module feeling fairly confident and then go and take the quiz and I don't do very well because of the way that they do not complement one another. 	
Some fill in the blank questions are hard to figure out what answer your looking for....	
The learnsmart modules help me know what to go over again in the chapter after I've read.	
I can always tell if I have reviewed the chapter enough before I do Learnsmart. When I clearly do not know what I am doing, it will focus in on the problem areas and force me to learn the information before i go any further. I think Learnsmart really helps me actually learn the material(if not directly, indirectly because if i dont know it, it takes hours).	
I tend to use it to understand the material versus test my understanding. I think it would be useful to use the current model as a learning tool and have shorter mini-tests for confirming understanding.	
You should be able to rewatch the video at any time. I did not understand that you had to give your feelings about if you could properly answer the questions right before going to the question. 	
It has been a long time since I took any Science Classes so the difficulty lyes with me. The repitition I get from this studing helps alot	
user friendly, teacher does go overboard assigning to many modules at once though... I like that on the labeling you can check your answers before grading and that there i optional flashcards to continue practicing after you have reached completion. 	
boku dake ga inai machi
Seeing questions more than once helps you understand and take in the material.	
The only problem I have had with the module this chapter is that we were assigned to do the learnsmart before we were assigned all of the reading, so I had some difficulty with many of the questions at first.  	
I DO NOT LIKE THE DEFINE THIS QUESTION OPTION. I THINK IT TAKES AWAYFROM THE LEARNIG EXPERIENCE AND WOULD BE BETTER TO ASK MORE QUESTIONS. PLUS IT DOES NOT REALLY TELL YOU HOW MUCH YOU KNOW THE MATERIAL.  IT IS HARDTO BE HONEST ON WHETHER YOU KNEW 85% OF THE ANSWER OR 100%. THERE SHOULD BE A BETTER SCALE THAN YES, ALMOST, NO.	
Por favor me perdoe
Sometimes the questions seem to be ambigual. Some others have a variety of possibilities so it makes us look for through the book exactly what the material wants us to answer. It is a reasin why it is taking me a long time to answer the questions.	
These are questions that are far too specific for just starting this chapter. Starting more general then getting specific would be nice.
just wish there wasnt sooooo many questions. 80+ for this one. seems a bit extreme	
This is hard!!	
matar é errado, ja uma tortura não vejo mal algum 
I've noticed there are many questions originating from the appendix, which is just an expansion of several of the topics covered in the main chapter.  It can be quite difficult to know where to look for answers when the same topic is covered in two different places.  
I wish all my classes had assignements with connect	
Terrible way to learn.
Wish you had visual identification modules of various structures.	
Allow a function to go back into the learn smart with the answers after completion for review.
I hate this thing
Den bosch
Fun Learning Tool	
This is the most ridiculous way to learn the material in the chapters
we don't cover any of this in lecture.
Before I started using this I was really struggling to learn the material in my anatomy and physiology class. Now i know that if I am willing to put the time in on this i will pass the tests in class. 	
It bothers me when a question appears to be fill in the blank, but is actually a multiple choice. I hope this changes.	
some of the particulars when it comes to the latter chapters in typing in the variables. Your box is really annoying. I have no helpful comments on how to fix it, so I know this isn't particularly helpful, but that box is just really time consuming when it should be a simple action.	
some questions are marked almost right for incorrect spelling, instead of marking that way there should be an option to re spell the answer given	
i enjoy this method of studying very much. The content of these few chapters is confusing but by repeatedly answering the questions it is helping me learn the material. very satisfied	
deu cara
Some questions are extremely confusing since all of these terms and concepts use a similar vocabulary.  I would re-word some of them to avoid confusing the student and promote better learning.	
Although seeing the stack at the right get smaller is a nice sight, I would like a better reward with each question I answer. To make it feel as if I actually got somewhere.	
No and I repeat NO student benifits from these closely worded questions. You cannot expect a good responce when these flashcards are bullshit. I am outraged and will bring this up to the deen. Skip the flash cards and actually teach the class 
they should indicate there is more than one answer more clearly	
José
Most of these questions are irrelevent to the mechnisms and reactions.  Fill in the blank answers are completely random and a complete waste of time.  Reactions and mechinisms are important, not random trival bullshit
never found the Helsons mills Study spent too much time looking for the answer that fit the question asked because info btwn book and connect didnt match up
I enjoy them	
Helpful but timely. It would be nice to have more reacion problems or help with synthesis, like a flow chart of reagents etc	
黑面神
I do not study in this way, so it is not helpful to me.  The do you think you know before the actual question is annoying and a waste of time.  Please remove it.
i would gladly have the teacher give us instructions on what our assignments are, and not remain stationary on a computer to help me study. however, i am forced to get the questions right, yet a simple study guide will help with this as well
oxe agr só da seu pau pra mim 
really helps me learn it better than the prof or the textbook. honestly, I appreciate that you don't beat me over the head with it, but instead it just asks the question again later so I can really learn from my mistakes.	
pe do
I hate LearnSmart. If LearnSmart was a person, I would punch him in the face.
More than a few questions have been entered  with incorrect functions.  For example, a question reading choose all that apply closes the answers after one of them are pressed.  It then gives the correct answers, but allows no chalange to the question.  This indicates an error in the question itself.	
Professors or even students should be able to controll the content that is studied to an extent. For example in the last section I attempted there was a lot of focus on Soviet Russia and in my class we are only being tested on U.S. history, so spending so many questions on Soviet Russia was a waste of time for my test.	
You may include famous phrases in the questions.	
I really with the cards either spoke or Connect was compatable with my screen reader.	
This is my first time to be enrolled in this system and I am surprised with the technology. From my first interaction I learned that I shall give more time for reading and I need to focus and cram some of the dfinitions.	
vamos transar ate nao sobre esperma
saudades dele...
You people expect us to read the chapter and memorize every word, because alot on the questions are not on key terms. Our tests are simply on key terms and general subjects. This is a 101 class, the basics will suffice. You will radomly ask me a question about 1 unhighlited barely explained term in a whole chapter of 45+ pages, and expect me to recall where i found it. Sure if this was what college tests were about go ahead, but it is not. 
(c) Microsoft 1988
Some of the stuff in here wasn't in chapter one. Which made it more difficult to follow. 	
de Rola
n moh eu sempre te amei n fica assim nunca vo te trair
E eu sei lá poa?
que bom que está bem!
Some questions are pretty vague.	
I like this method of reviewing the material. 	
I like it. It allows me to re-do the questions that I missed. That is good!	
I must admit I found this quite agreeable. It's far too early to tell though.	
estou perdida não sei o que esta acontecendo comigo...
I like the learnsmart very much. It's very helpful and easy to use.	
the queations on the learn smart to do not with the questions on the quiz.
i dont like questions where I have to fill in the blank
bad word choice with questions. this is bullshit.
Takes way too much time.	
É possível! você pode transformar um bloco de código de 50 linhas em apenas 3 linhas. Veja como
Helpful for learning marketing.	
1 1 9 4 2 8 7 9 8 5 5, Sou o biel... chama la
Dont need to ask if I think I know the anwer, maybe know it, or just guessing. Just ask the question and let me answer it. Wastes time and it's ridiculous. 
If a question is answered woring it would be very helpful if you put where the information is from in the book.	
I am terrible at languages so, there is that	
I will know much more reagrding how helpful this is after my midterm tonight.	
I'm pretty sick of these.
Não se depilam
I prefer the multiple choice questions. They are easier to learn than the other ones and I am doing multiple choice on the test. I also think they should try to cover more lists because often times those also show up on tests.	
Lay off on the technicalities. Since you're asking incredibly simple questions one minute, and a technically difficult one the next. No one cares if I didn't capitalize ARCHEA. 
I wish there were more applied questions such as the ones on DPAD etc. The calculations and knowing the rules really helps me solidify the rules	
Herp derp Deixei o debug lá e esqueci de zerar os erros.
Very little incentive to care. Teachers want you to calculate various things, not spew out definitions.
I really enjoy using this system!	
alguém quer falar de filósofos?
Raccoons
a little longer than necessary	
One of the slides was blank on the answer side.  	
there is way too much material for each section. I spend an hour on each of these which is way too much time for this material. I don't retain the information I just end up clicking on random things after awhile.
bem, merda.
I would like to have more variety of questions. Once you do the module, the questions are pretty much the same, or they are asked in different ways. I would like much more questions since the book and the chapters are so demanding in the theoric aspect. 
Chapter guide for module would be helpful	
It takes a LONG time to load.  I don't know if this is my connection or the program, but it was very slow.	
Capitalization should not lose me points.	
This is nothing more than seat work, and I hate it.
pogi ditu kana pala!
consider making the questions more difficult. 	
i like LearnSmart . Its helpful 	
Some of the question don't state the format in which we are to answer. This makes it difficult to determine how well we will be able to answer the question before we get to the answer choices or blanks or true or false choices.	
(\ /) <br/> (Oo) <br/> (& gt; & lt;) Bunny aprova essas alterações.
I like the learnsmart much better then the other hw questions. this is much faster at loading and better feedback.	
It sucks this is part of a grade, pretty much a waste of time. Better opprotunity cost in studying my notes to learn the material not this annoying quizzing.
Vou te ensinar... 
I can't find some of the information in my text	
This is a great way to learn!	
I just hope the questions could be orderly as our textbook process, that way I could do the exercises along with my reading process.	
Excellent tool	
Por favor me ajude!
It is doing a very reasonable job teaching me the material. Some of the questions like what is on the y axis, does not teach me anything except how to look up an answer in the book, however the math questions have  been very good. The other vocab words are helpful to study for the test, but NOT something I'm never going to need to memorize like what is on the x or y axis of a graph. 	
It would help if there were more formula problems instead of definitions of terms.	
I feel like I'm in kindergarden 
I enjoy knowing my over all class ranking as i go:)	
tudo e vx?nenê
Challenges knowledge over the material.	
Repetition is something that really helps me study. I think LearnSmart is a very valuable program for students.	
Mensagem obrigatória de placeholder commit
You've heard it from me before how terrible this program is.
I would like to be able to take a break whenever I want, not when they offer me one.  This lesson was almost 90 questions and took way too long.	
Foram os padres jesuítas
que nojo de vc pqp
Fix the glitches. Especially on the mobile iPhone app. Please and thank you.	
it would be helpful if either the book or you showed how some of this information was processed.  More often than not thee are problems in here and in the homework that are requesting answers where the process was not even taught.	
Some of the questions are quite difficult, but I like that because thats how they are on college exams. My problem is I am a slow reader...It might make the modules go a little easier and faster for me if there was a button to read the question to me.	
é uma gata, que tem um coração muito bom e ama um viado
Lol you look funny
I will do better next time!	
I am confident that I am learning the material. Some questions are slightly difficult. But LearnSmart is somewhat  is very helpful. 	
These questions are worded so badly I hardly even konw what the question is asking me. The questiong that are beings asked are not very difficult, just the way they are being asked is very cryptic. I end up just getting frustrated with these.
Well learning is a great process and help us learn quicker and smarter	
Some of the questions are different then what we learn in class and although i know answers should be provided in our reading it would be more useful to help us work the problems rather than ask questions 	
I'm getting really sick of these stupid four choice pick three questions. No test is going to have us pick three. At least ask what is not. Afterall, with four choices where multiple can be right, if I pick two correct but there are three correct, I'm still wrong even though I was more right. Honestly this chapter is fucking ridiculous in that aspect. The number of these questions is disproportionately large. Also, the almost right qualificiation for mispellings is bullshit. I mean seriously, so I mispelled schizophrenia once because I forgot it had Greek etymology and thus uses a ph. I knew what it was. In the same vein, I mispelled dissosiative three times. Could you at least show what we typed in before if we got an almost right question? It is honestly just getting more annoying and stressful and has me wanting to toss myself or my computer out the window. Seriously, you fucks are really annoying me right now. Go die in a hole or something you hobo licking assholes.
Why are you putting so much emphasis on WHO did the research as opposed to what the research helped us learn about DNA replication?
Some of the questions were not covered in the lecture. The ones that were covered are really good questions.	
relatos
The way in which this book was written and specially how the question are made is to difficult to understand. Also, 99 or 85 questions per module is ridiculous...no college student has time to do 15 minute session each day.
On the difficulty question I felt that the range of difficulty is good, so I said fairly because there is a good mixture of difficult and easier questions. 	
I really like this way of learning, it makes students use the book. Reading the book first was very helpful, and this was an awesome way to make sure that the content in the book was understood.	
The score counting system surely do not make sense, even i answer two questions rightly cannot cover the losing marks for answering one question incorrectly. 
Some of the questions are worded too vaugely
rephrasing missed questions is an effective learning strategy.	
trabalho em progresso
Makes doing homework fun and learnable. 	
I feel alot of the answers are biased.. not necessarily the questions, but alot of times multiple answers could be the correct answer, also, I've had numerous technical issues with the LearnSmart Module today... .my score never increased (or decreased for that matter) - there was math problems in my speech class, it froze twice, and when it froze made me loose points and get an incorrect answer, and that is when my points froze... i don't like the amount of problems it's having.. if it's having this many.. then how can I be sure it is checking my answers correctly!
I don't like having to do the learnsmart activities before we learn the material in class because I understand the information more after I have put it to use in examples in class rather than trying to comprehend everything from simply reading the chapter.	
Vem pra perto de mim e vamos ficar abraçados ❤
This systems claims I learned 16 new items. All I did was learn how to manipulate the system.
It's a cutthroat competition to get to the top of the standings. Nothing else matters but getting the maximum amount of points. It's win or die.	
Very good program, I like how questions that I missed in the past come up again to reinforce the right answer. I think that the button to press if we think we know the answer or if we dont is useless. I keep hitting yes even if I dont know it	
I still haven't bought the book; so, it was a little hard to do the learning modules. 	
Você deveria saber disso!
I dont really like the write in the blanks. However  I guesse its a nessary evil.	
i would rather just read the book and do the questions then to spend time doing these because i just memorize the answer when i get it wrong so the next time that question comes around i can get the questions done quicker.  i am not learning at all
I thought most of it i understood pretty well except the units of measure and most of the math equations. I did think that this system was very helpful.	
Some of the fill in the blank questions are vague, which makes them harder than is necessary.	
As with just about any written test, clarification on some questions or the answers available is needed.  Example:  what would you find on a journal?  date which was a correct answer, when maybe date of transaction would have been more appropriate.	
Having to choose how confident you are about the answer takes up time that could be better used other ways.  This program wastes more time than it spends teaching material.
Ver o último commit
its great 
O que quer que seja, será 8 {
Very good and helpful my only complaint is there are way to many questions and they become repetivitive and hurts your focus
I love learnsmart!! It has given me good info that the book for my class gives me in alonger period	
I wish this LEARN SMART will teach you or show you the answer, reinforcing the knowledge that we have so it will be more benefitian for all of us.	
possible have more repetitve questions if we are missing the same ones over and over	
this is more complicated than i thought	
I didn't read the book at all yet.  BUT I have already taken Earth Science in college.  BUT it was like 10 years ago.  Sooo...interpret that as you wish.	
I would like it better if the vocabulary wasn't so strict 	
o quê o quê o quê?
Not enough time to obsorb all the information in a short period on time, when you don't practice these practices on a day to day basis.	
IT IS VERY HELPFUL THUS FAR, AND FUN AND CREATIVE. I HOPE IT IMPROVES MY EXAM TAKING SKILLS	
none of the answers were in the powerpoint nor the notes, thats why i struggled.
more multiple choice, less fill in the blank.	
claro tudo por vc
Some of the questions are asked outside of the ususal context of the material. 	
I decided to use the study modules way late in the semester.  I wish these were part of the lesson plan as assigned material.  they are perfect for solidifying in preparation for class tests. 	
Removal of the fill in the blank and making all of the questions multiple choice would greatly increase the practical application of this program.	
Temos um problema com cis-gengibres que são intolerantes ... Nós os chamamos de cis-gingas!
this shit sucks nigger dick 
SHORTER TESTS (:	
some of the material from the module, wasn't covered in the chapter covered. (some of the material in this module would be in a different chapter)	
Learn Smart is a helpful tool and providing a helpful way to challenge a response is very viable to the learning process in this course.	
Coisa
Last, everytime I open the modules I get an option for Full Screen mode. Checking the box or not has NO EFFECT, so why is it there???
sim, sou homem
The questions are not difficult, but some of the questions are vaguely worded which makes learning the material difficult. Other than that, having this resourse to ask good questions to refresh my memory and review the material is very helpful.	
More math. That seems to be the focus of many teachers in chapter 4 and most chapters. also the questions requiring the listing of steps in order are difficult and useless. Simply have students solve the equations and if they do the steps right they will get the right answer	
Meu pai
Victor eles se amam
these questions have NOTHING to do with what we are being told we will be tested on.
The wording seems to be a bit off compared to the book. 
mama aq vai
I don't like the trick questions. They are unfair. 	
Be more like owl, and you will be better. 
It'd be cool if you stopped asking me to do these..
hate this
I enjoy the way that you mix the intensity of your questions. The answers requiring multiple submissions give options that are obvious to the answer and some that are not so obvious; thus causing me to reach deeper in to the chapter. I appreciate that. Thanks.  	
Some of the questions and answers are poorly worded.	
I am getting used to using the online learning method, I am also getting used to doing homework on little sleep! I will admit, I didn't read the chapter before completing this activity. It's hard for me to read lengthy things online. I will try my best to complete the reads!	
The way the questions are set up is good. I like to think about how well i know the answer to the question before I answer.	
the program is great.	
It's too much like a test! 	
I'm not doing enough time with this, and WAY TOO MUCH with other connect activities. I actually learn things doing this. I spend 5x as much time doing the connect activities, and learn about 10% as much. 	
I have found this program very useful to study for my quizes. I was trying to get someone to study with me for my quizes but now I can study in my own pace.	
Some answers to questions seem off and the time allotted seem maybe on the long side where you find yourself not as attentive.	
i think this is way to much added time to each chapter and should be optional
Rapazes! Rapazes! Sair! É o Batmóvel! Batmóvel vocês!
there are two reasons why these questions are difficult. one being that learnsmart glitches and will not let you input the correct answer on occasion, and the other being that learnsmart words things like an asshole. now please let me finish this bullshit, as i do not want to take a break.
that was awful
Since I have quite a few long interuptions during this , so it can not be the fair survey.	
I believe the primary struggle that I am having using LearnSmart is due to the edition change. Our class is using the 10th edition while these questions are based off of the 7th... There have been a number of questions which I am confident were not covered in the text as well as questions with alternate answers although it simply gave me a the preferred term is, which was not in the 10th edition...  Thanks	
try putting in more listening exercises. 	
I feel that even reading the chapter finding some of these questions is rather time consuming and does not match up to the 30m that is displayed that we need to do to complete the chapter.
i hate this program it is terrible.  my teacher is not testing me on all this information. i think it is a waste of my time to learn the things i don't need to know to pass the class.  I am not trying to be a biologist so this is a waste of time.
oopsie B |
LearnSmart is a great tool. It's much more interactive and user-oriented than any other online program I have ever used.	
there are so many questions in this module that I have cycled through them a few times. To avoid this perhaps there should only be somewhere around 80 questions for this module.	
I like this program its helping me	
Eu e minha familia
I am definitely going to use LearnSmart to study before a test.	
I appreciate that it repeats questions, sometimes in different words to really make sure you understand the concept. That really works for me.	
é só ir dormir, criatura
the questions in the quiz are extemily difficult and most of the time the ones on the modules do not reflect them.	
i need to slow down and stop second guessing because i would have gotten all answers correct if i had.	
I wish the computers i used were tied together. I completed 50 questions at home then when i came to the computer lab i had to start over. That sucks	
I  really appreciate this module! The repetitve questions help me learn the information that I misunderstood when reading. Very good to keep information fresh in my head. :)	
it is good.	
allow for plural versions of some answers	
nn to cvs com vc estando off
Tô sim 
As I was reading, I could feel the USB chord on my computer slowly suck into my brain, allowing me to simply absorb information through binary code.	
I suck at Chemistry and teally haven't been putting forth much effort in learning the material. 
LearnSmart is very helpful for me to learn the material.	
some of the wording can be misleading. like one  question used transportaion firms as an answer. i dont think that clearly states that you are refering to your  affiliated companies in your supply chain. otherwise i would of clearly known what you are refering to, and gotten that question right. but other then that everything is good so far	
sim.
i just think you  should have sound, someone she read the book, and the problems to us.	
eu, ela não te ama, desiste Bianca 
This is a great tool that has helped reinstate what I've learned and studied. 	
: q!
This program should be used in schools all over. It is very helpfull.	
The chapter questions shoudn't be so long. 	
Sometimes, there are too many flashcards for one session and I nkow we can take breaks, but being a typical student, I don't like taking breaks but rather just finish it to get a good grade. Maybe finding another way to break it up...	
There are issues with long series of questions that require a submission by pressing a submit button and then the other type of questions that automatically submits. I had severval occurrences (with penalty to my score) where an answer was submitted before I followed up on my selection.
Some of the questions are phrased in a broad manner.	
good questions I can come back and review for before the exam. 	
this method has helped alot i would have to say without this i dont think i would to be able to do good on the quiz's like iam now.	
Some questions are common knowledge but others are somewhat difficult that one can only learn by reading the book	
fill in the blanks are ambiguously worded. Also the questions tend to be very wordy for saying simple things. Overall, this is horrible.
Learn smart is an effective learning tool.	
This particular chapter is great, there's not an overwhelming amount of information.	
Studying in depth prior to doing this would help	
Again, exactly which textbook am I supposed to be getting these answers from?  Many of them are NOT on the provided in-class notes, nor are they in the Psychology: Tenth Edition in Modules (Myers)
fuck you
I should use LearnSmart more and complete additional modules to further my understanding of these concepts. I really like and enjoy using LearnSmart.	
People should support gay marriage rights because it does not interfere wiith their personal freedoms. Also, don't provide free response blanks if you don't want sarcastic or unrelated answers.	
Ovos de pascoa
it is awesome	
One question had an element not covered in the text, as is often the case. The actual exams do not have this issue. Interesting?
this is stupid and pointless
This is the best tool I have ever used to study A&P, thank you!	
Very intriguing system and in fact was not what I was expecting.	
I believe we dont have enough time to complete these modules and we are assigned them too often. For me they take a couple hours each and to have one almost every night is extreamly difficult to keep up with. I have so much other stuff to do, it is hard for me to keep up with these modules.	
seu desgraçado.
This is just a hard chapter and I need to study more. The learnsmart modules are great	
more time
É assim que eu rolo
Que fofo
Picking the right time to access the sight is the most integral part of doing the on-line work.....  If a lot of people are logged on, it is really slow.  I work Monday through Friday 8-5 and go to class Monday through Thursday 6-9/10pm.  I have Friday evening and the weekends to study and complete assignments.....  If a lot of people are working online, the sight moves slow, and you can't access all of the online info as quickly as I would like.
there should be an optiion for students who cant spell they should be allowed to learn by mutiple choice answers!!!!
Vou explicar isso quando estiver sóbrio .. ou reverter
I t is dificult for me to take an online class
My teacher covered NONE of this
Isso deve funcionar até dezembro de 2013.
Although this program is new and unchartered in my learning experiences, I find it to be useful so far. I am interested in seeing what this program will do for me once I have reached the end of this course semester.	
The program is helping me to understand when to use the subjunctive tense.  Thanks.	
this is the worst program ever
Good use of time, helps cover all aspects of the chapter and brush up on the subjects I encounter that I don't know well	
Eu adoro ser chingado
Great tool for understanding the material, I love it.	
I need to just study more; this learnsmart module is so good though. they really help	
I am entirely annoyed that I am asked to complete a survey or advised to take a break during my homework.  I am taking 12 hours, all of which require discussion board postings with too many fine details to attend to, and then after that I have to post to two more and then ensure I am the third on another.  I don't need unneccesary interruptions during my homework.
Stop the bleeding!	
If I didnt have the open book infront of me, I could never type in the answers or spell correctly but thsi is very helpful	
Reading the chapters before using LearnSmart helps me know the material better. Some questions I have to re-read several times before I answer them. This helps me understand the material I am covering in this module. 	
On occasion the wording of an answer or question leads me astray. 	
sao
Ele apenas compila todas as tentativas de XNUM2,5X ... boa sorte.
I am new to this system, but caught on quickly. 	
would want more solution based (solving problems), then direct content based questions.	
i like it i just think that there are too many questions, too time consuming.	
This is very helpful, thanks!	
TOO complicated
Most of this stuff is common sense. 
I still cannot stand the spelling problems....and it is too fast to close on words that I have not completed and call them typos.	
eu te odeio muito 😍😍😍😍😍💞
I need to balance my time better in general for studying. Learn smart is at least something that keeps me doing some work even if I end up slacking on my written homework/study stuff. Really I need to be devoting more time to both.	
Yo también quiero amor
é assim que geramos nossa merda.
pqp...
Students should learn the way THEY learn best.  This assignment is merley a waste of precious study time. I prefer spider outlines and rewriting info. Flash cards are not the answer, especially those not written by yourself.  It is ALWAYS better to read your note or the text and make an outline or cards from your own study.  This was a giant waste of time and should be removed.
ala disrassa
I think a variance of learning activities would be nice.	
helpful tool.	
nem Judas foi tão merda quanto vc
it is very helpful but i feel like i spend too much time on it	
There are simply way too many poorly worded or incorrect questions on learnsmart. it is a waste of time. I am sacrificing sleep to finsih it. that cannot be helping me learn now, can it?
talvez
Some answers to some questions are too picky, example:  Inventory to be Purchase = Sales + Ending Inventory - Beginning Inventory. The order in which these variables is laid out in the formula should be irrelevant. As far as you are concerned the correct Answer MUST be Inventory to be Purchased = Ending Inventory + Sales - Beginning Inventory	
I was unaware at first that on some questions you could choose multiple answers and because so I missed a good amount of questions in the begining. I also do not recall learning about normative or the other principle related to it.	
pode carioca no gp adm?
THIS SUCKS.
I have taken this module without reading the corresponding textbook chapters to a sufficiently acceptable/ detailed degree.	
deveras intelectus🕵🏻♂️
nunca aquela piranha
LearnSmart Module is a good tool for learning Health material from book.	
oi coisa linda
La toca Isaac el gordo panzón
Só vem 
i just need to study more and then ill understand it more. Right now im confused about what to do but i just need to sudy and take time on what im doing.	
Does NOT prepare you for the exam questions!	
great learnng process	
''''''''''''''''''''i'''''m'''' '''''h'''a''''''v''i'''n'''g''' ''''''''''''''''''c'''o'''''m''''''p''''u'''''t''e''''r'''' ''''''''p''''o'''''''''''''r'''''''o''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''b''''l'''''e'''''''''''''''''''s''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''m'''''''s''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''	
I have really enjoyed using the LearnSmart utility	
It is fucking retarded to be using an American learning tool for a Canadian education
Caso de teste removido porque o código não passou no controle de qualidade
This was my first attemp to use LearnSmart. However, I enjoyed it.	
Some times I tried to use extra knowledge that by reading other books, but it  si very easy to flow the program by usin g the computer.	
It would be helpful if when a question is answered wrong, there could always be an option for an explantion! Because sometimes I keep getting the same question wrong over and over!	
this is horrible.
There is a lot of vagueness in some questions and even confusion. The last module I did (for chapter 12) was extremely difficult because it was a lot of fill-in-the blank of which were hard to distinguish between what section of the chapter was being talked about. 	
quem fez essa pergunta tem fimose
i think a lot of itams were counted wrong because of spelling or  typos or not putting a space between chicken pox and that should be not counted against us	
o meu pai ??? o meu pai ???
Learn smart questions are fairly diffcult which is good because im now able to remember facts and other information i use to have diffculty remembering. Great tool for studying for tests	
vou mandar foto da tua mae aquela, vagabunda.
quem tem cu tem medo...
I strongly believe that this is an extremely useful piece of software. It's reminiscent of a far more effective variant on a program that my old school used, and I feel that LearnSmart would make most classes far more effective.	
Just starting with LearnSmart	
often I find that the worrding of the question messes me up rather than the content being reviewed.	
Difficulty was spot on. The questions were a bit lawyery and I had to go back and check word for word definitions a couple times.	
I DONT LIKE THEY TAKE OFF FOR SPELLING IF YOUR CLSOE	
Um gostoso!
very helpful source
This is horseshit.... Teach us how to hire someone to keep the books
I could hardly search these answers in the ebook. major complaint.
The fill in questions are helpful, but are sometimes too ambiguous.	
I think your products are unneccesary and are extremely costly to students whom don't have much money to begin with. You're software acts more as a sales model to get us to buy more stuff or recommend your product to others than it does to teach.
little bear! 	
Connect is a good supplement to test reading comprehension and review of terms and concepts.	
i would also like to see the detailed of EVERY  wrong question so I can better comprehened the question and know how to get it done. Thanks	
is there a reading I could do to learn these terms, instead of answers questions about things I am unsure of?	
it needs to accept other gramatical terms, you could have the right answer just using a synonym and it will not accept the answer even though it is correct. 
Very time consuming.	
My only qualm is that learnsmart occasionally asked questions that could have multiple intermpretations and/or right answers. 	
LearnSmart is better to use with textbook at hand.	
Nem vem, só sogo a Luciclaudete Silva de Jesuis, aquela nega arrebenta!
Learn Smart is not helpful at all, it is just a waste of time.
Asking if you know the question before hand is a little much everytime.	
the ability to submit answers by pressing the 'Enter key. 	
this is busy work, I wouldnt do this if I didnt get credit for it!
lucas me construiu pra suportar a solidão
I HATE CONNECT!!....THE ANSWERS ARE NEVER CORRECT, THEY SOMETIMES DONT EVEN MATCH WITH THE BOOK...I THINK THIS IS THE WORST PROGRAM EVER
This is actually really helpful. I'm glad Dr. Lindemann reminded us to do these.	
Some of the questions were worded trickily, and since I was worried about time I didnt catch it.	
apoio 100% a cura gay 😍😍😍
I HATE THAT I CANT DOWNLOAD THE EBOOK, or that NOBODY from this company has responded to my emails telling me how!	
I like how it goes over the same topic if you miss them because after a while you get to understand and see what it is that you are messing up on.	
claro,estoi sempre disposto p vc mozao
tu e tão solitário ao ponto de conversar com uma bot?
I am enjoying using LearnSmart in addition to my self study. I did encounter one issue with this module. One of the images did not appear with the question. The question read something similar to See the figure to the right... What does the purple shaded area represent? I could not answer it accurately because I could not see the figure. Other than that issue I am very pleased with LearnSmart and can tell very qualified professionals created this program.	
qual sera a cor desse bucetão? 
O inverno está chegando, Sharon, e eu sou uma abelhinha ocupada. Zumbido! Zumbido!
interenet learning is doing nothing for many students. paper homework and paper projects. we all know how to use computers, leave that to the classes involving programs soley.
questions are worded in the most incomprehensable ways sometimes and make the question almost impossible to understand.  Also, THESE MODULES ARE TOO LONG.	
Derp
A better way would be to give us a flat amount and not have to get all right to be done. Then score it. Or if you insist we answer all correctly for credit, dont make it 45. It's too many.
Some questions are too long, so the font size has been reduced for all the text to fit in a unchange box. As a restult, it is very hard to read the questions and also the answers. Other things are ver good <3	
I love this method -- it's interactive and really helps all the info you read in the book stick in your mind.  Just reading all of those facts and terms isn't enough and this is a great way to thoroughly learn the content of each chapter.	
Some questions are too specific.	
Ele não gosta de você! Um dia você ira achar alguém melhor que ele, que ira te valorizar pra sempre só basta esperar
There are so many questions that are repeated constantly and it gets very repetitive if you know the answer.	
It'd be nice if the program allowed us to save and come back to finish where we left off.	
If you arent going to test us on the material learned here, then the material learned here is a waste of our time
Confirmação geral (sem IDs abertos) - Modificações para implementações ruins
Questions involving ordering and pairing items have been very wordy and don't often make much sense to me, causing me to miss them repeatedly even after reviewing.	
i enjoy it its almost like a tutor	
filha da puta gostoso do caralho
clerify desired order of answers 
It is too hard
Come up with a better point system maybe a muliplier if you get a couple questions in a row.  it is very  fun to move up the standings and it is also very good motivator.	
This chapter is addressing my weak points from earlier classes.  I know it is probably a loss of points but it is useful to me when I choose only 2 out of 3 correct options, and get the question wrong. 	
To be fair, this is a 4 credit course in 3 weeks.  This would be hard at any pace, and the five hours of homework is nuts.  By doing them, however, I am so much better prepared than if I didn't.	
I have personal disaggreement with some of the points taught by the book, such as six months on a business plan, if a person was to use six month old marketing data on thier business plan they would be at least five months, 29 and a quarter days behind relevent information. I would still think both points have validity to them though: trends can be useful data. Realistically americans are way too easily distracted to rely heavily on trends.For example, by the time anyone reads this the popular viral video will be completely different from the most popular at the time I wrote this sentence.	
Agora adicionado delete de verdade
O endereço IP do servidor de whatthecommit.com não foi encontrado.
The sections are very long and I understand breaks are helpful but when you don't have much time as a student, you really just want to get them done.	
Would you guys please make more understandable questions because sometimes your questions turn out to be what I thought of them,.	
Along with other classes tis is the most labor intensive and does seem to push the envelpoe a little too much	
I feel its good preparation for the quiz as I have trouble with retention of what I read. The one thing is there are some spelling mistakes I've made, and when you get it almost right it still re-asks the question despite knowing the answer and just having a spelling issue or a typo. 	
fartbutt	
I feel these would be more beneficial after completeing post lecture for most of the equation problems. Maybe have the vocab and simle information tested in the pre lecture and create post leacture to practice the solving of equations
look at the info better
fill in the blank is confusing what it is looking for.	
Marcos Vinicius Guimarães Benvindo
gay..
I think that the days of the week in Italian are in small letters only.  You might want to change your text.	
nothing matches up with the book.
herpderp (redux)
Cola. Palitos de fósforo. Papel. Construir script!
thank you for the help and support.	
sério que chato
This is a new experience for homework and I am liking it so far!	
this sucks just teach	
This time around I am trying to speed through it quickly because I have too many things to do tomorrow when I usually take the time to actually read and absorve everything.	
wish my instructor used questions like these.  she often asks obscure points so, even when I feel I know the chapter pretty well, she still stumps me.	
Porcaria. Esta noite é a noite da invasão e já estou atrasado.
sintaxe
100 items is way to much homies
de acordo com meu q.i de 100000 você e gay
some of the quesiton i feel are trick quesions. Like the one about men being more likely to be identified with autism. It said something about the other gender. Tricky question 	
I really enjoy this program and am excited to be able to use it.	
This program sucks!!!!
with the pics one needs to lable it is very hard to distinguish the correct answer	
It would be even more helpful to not only show the page you are not understanding but also a highlighted part of the page where the material can be found. 	
dont understand the purpose, am i supposed to be using the book while doing this because the other assignments i have done for this has not prepared me for this. Dont really understand why there is a competitive point system it only encourages cheating instead of trying to remember what you have learned
It takes way too much time, and you don't learn much.
Mais uma palavra sobre isso e eu mando o seu histórico de pesquisa do Google aqui, seu verme.
I LIKE THE FACT THAT I CAN KEEP IT RUNNING AT WORK AND GO BACK AS I HAVE TIME	
Reprogram this entire website. Also, do not repeat the questions for the sake of giving more problems.
Great study guide	
Mesclando 'WIP: Não mesclar esta ramificação' no mestre
um otimo filosofo! eu realmente gosto desse assunt
I love the point system. Sometimes I found myself rushing through questions thinking I know them, so its not the programs fault, rather, I need to slow down and read the problem. Overall I enjoyed it, questions were just right.	
I find each of these modules to be a great study tool. It fits my study habits perfectly!
sua mãe é gorda 
Also, sometimes when I answer a question correctly, I'd like some extra feedback.
Way too much emphasis on sole proprieterships, when the bulk of the chapter covered corporations
Way too many mark all that apply questions that are too vague.  It is very frustrating to see those problems over and over again.  
If I would have been more careful at reading the questions, I would have gotten more answers correct the first time I seen them.	
The learning style is very literal and verbatim.  It relies exclusively upon rehearsal of facts and the precise wording of definitions.  You might say these quizzes test retention rather than comprehension. This may be relevant to memorizing the textbook but I have found that this learning style has very little bearing on actual life situations.  	
All I have succeeded in doing with this program is becoming frustrated. I can read a book and not need this stupid review.
the system operates to slowly please increase the rate at which questions and button responces act at
Learnsmarts are stupid. I do pay any attention to the question. I just guess randomlly until I get the right answer. Just a giant waste of time that is required for class. If I wanted to learn the material, I would just read the book and be fine.
May be difficult and time consuming, but I think it really does help me remember a lot	
I'm stress
It is difficult to perform the reading and pick out the information necssary to effectively answer the questions.	
Some of the two answer fill in the blanks are quite confusing. I dont know if its a problem that I am only having but I struggle on thos the most.	
i still no like plants	
if a missed question is repeated, the question and/or answers need to be worded differently. otherwise I am just memorizing which answer is the right one and not engaging my brain to understand the material in order to answer the question.	
Incorporate short videos to help put the pieces together.	
Most of the questions I see in LearnSmart I do not even hear about in lecture, nor do I ever see them in any of the tests I take. I'm not trying to discount their importance, but if this LearnSmart assignment would not affect my overall lecture grade, I'd probably spend more time studying my lecture notes than spending time on Connect. It's been a complete waste of time this semester and because of lost time doing this ridiculous Connect homework (when I could have been studying), my average test grades are in the B to C range instead of A to B range. Thanks LearnSmart, I've dropped a WHOLE LETTER GRADE because of the time I waste on this worthless program.
Its been kinda confusing in the beginning and long process but Ive learned more about this than what I new before which was nothing	
ai dlç, gostosa puta safada
não enche. estou ocupada adotando hitler, pergunta pro lucas.
essa noite ta muito longa vou apelida-la de meupau
This sucks. I hate this program. It fails at life.
Much of the materials in Learn Smart was not in the material assigned to read	
ex   x-ray
some questions are very technical, if timed we will run out of time , but am enjoying the class anyway	
BOA DEMAIS , NOSSA SENHORA , C E FODA CAIO
In the beginning of the excercise I did not know that you could select more than one answer which caused me to loose some important points. There should be a tutorial in the beginning to explain that more than one answer can be selected in order to save students from loosing needed points	
cala boca seu preto imundo
providing clues will be hepful.thanks	
Way too many questions. I'm spending way too much time on here. I could use this time to study for my exams and do other homework, instead, I'm stuck here for 5 hours on my computer. COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME.
eu só iludi sua mãe, transei com ela e vc nasceu esse bixo feio 
the tab that asks: do you know this question? is annoying	
I dont like that you have to choose how sure of the answer you are.	
Throughout each module I have seen many questions with spelling mistakes. 	
good shit 	
it is very detailed! I think it should include less details and more big picture ideas. 	
this doesnt seem to help me on test day
v ery time consuming the worst part of this class
The fact that the same question keeps getting asked over and over again is annoying.  When there are 100+ questions to get through that turns into over 150 questions and hours of work.  I just end up guessing to get through this stupid thing.  Seriously, just do a normal 30-50 question practice test so the student can accurately gauge the grade and it doesn't take half a week to get through.  Imagine yourself moving 10 footballs from one endzone to another.  Simple task, beneficial workout, done in 30 minutes.  Now imagine yourself moving 1000 footballs from one endzone to another.  Simple task, completely monotonous, takes way too much valuable time, and after football 50 you get more and more annoyed with each additional football.  These modules are like moving the 1000 footballs. 
I don't like the vocab cards because they aren't really testing me on the definitions of the words, I'm not being challenged by them.	
sim, ele adora salsicha das grandes. Cai de boca várias vezes ao dia!!
mas da estamina
I love this program!!	
magrela
Isso deveria travar
Super helpful for study, and a good confidence booster before a test or exam. perfect study review, and i love how it recycles some of the questions you get wrong because it reminds you what you need to work on and makes you more confident and remember it more when you get it right the second time. This is perfecr!	
Makes you think.	
Rex's Corp Accounting Records Problem is confusing. I guessed $7,000 but still not sure how to calculate the answer given beginning and ending balances for Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts.	
LEARNSMART SUX
gdjdj
The learning module questions seemed to be more in depth and difficult in comparison to the information given in throughout the chapter
parado ai,não é permitido cornos andando por estas redondezas 👺🚓
i like this method	
I wish the question the program asks do not be anal about the specifics. I know the answers but I get frustrated at the thought that not putting one letter could change a word from right to wrong. I wish there were acceptable answers even though the answer is not plural version or something else.
sua mãe aquela gostosa
It's annoying when you have to match up several words to their definitions in one question. It makes it hard to read, and it gets confusing.	
unlike other chapters the main focus of questions are not heavily covered in the chapters
I do not learn from it.
Tudo bem com você?
eu tbm
this book is very hard to find the answers in .class should be taught in class not on computer with no instructor to help .espesially when the book is very hard to locate answers in 
chave de cadeia sai dessa 
not a fan of this style of learning
Você que e linda to bem sim e você
vou travar seu zap vadia 👿👿👿😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😡😡😡😠😡😠😡😠
I like this learning enviornment a lot. It is challanging and fun climbing the standings. Great for review and recalling what is learned in the book and class time.	
Too many of the questions are really just exercises on detecting the phrasing of the question rather than about whether I know the material. 	
Instead of answering questions mostly about terms, it would have been better if there were actual practice of drawing things out to prepare students for exams.	
I have learned really good using this lesson	
I really like the extra practice on the material from class. It's a helpful tool and I'm glad it's required.	
appropriate level of difficutly, great feedback when I get things wrong, my confidence will go up as I come back to practice. This part of Connect is very good. The on-line exercises associated with the text-book are horrid: unclear expectations, no clues as to how to solve the issues, I could go on. If you want specific examples, please email me at rrandelin@css.edu.	
Eu também ele é uma ridícula que só se importa com ela mesma
Learnsamrt is a very helpful tool, but i think that i need to spend more time on it because it reallu help me to learn the materials	
When we go over key terms, the definitions are worded differently in our textbooks than what they are on here so it is hard to get the right answer on the first try.	
eu sou um menino 
I adore this system of learning, and I enjoy that I can take the same lessons multiple times in a row, It's simply a pity that I have neglected this way of studying for so long.	
teu cu
very smart way of teaching. I wish I was taught like this in highschool instead of actually listening to teachers about their day.	
Lots of answers are incorrect in the real world...you can DEFINITELY feel the anti-worker/anti-union slant in the book and connect	
The questions are oddly, annoyingly specific in the required response. I understand why, but it makes it more difficult to go through these knowing that I am actually retaining the conceptual information.	
This was an extremely long assignment!!!	
Really good learning software. As long as I can review as much as I want, this is a great great way to supplement reading	
I think its is too many questions where it gets to the point where my mind gets so tired of anwering questions and how can you learn from that? I anwer aver 200 questions each week....
eu quero
Too many clicks to get to answer the question. How much do you know it, rate it, move on...  please.	
Some of these questions i consider quite ridiculous and could be answered several different ways depending on what point of view you choose to use.
I love how if you get a question wrong, it waits about 17-30 questions later to ask you about it again.  Really helps me remember things.	
delicia de rabo novinha 😍😍
Com preguiça de escrever mensagem descritiva
learn smart is way to long and very pointless I find myself just guessing until it is done
First experience this semester.  Was skeptical, seems to be very helpful thus far. 	
DON'T COUNT WORDS WRONG IF THEY'RE SYNONYMS TO THE EXACT WORD YOU'RE LOOKING FOR!	
ON ANOTHER NOTE.  AS HELPFUL AS I THINK THESE MODULES ARE THE FLASH CARDS ARE REALLY EASY TO GUESS YOUR WAY THROUGH AND A LOT OF TIMES I FEEL AS THOUGH I AM NOT REALLY LEARNING THE MATERIAL BUT INSTEAD JUST MEMORIZING THE ANSWERS FOR WHEN THE NEXT FLASHCARD COMES AROUND.
this is helping me see what i know and what i need to work on	
I enjoy the quick feedback on the answers that are incorrect. And the explainations behide them, very helpful in going through the questions.	
I hate this site
opa - pensei que entendi.
reallly great, challenges you but at the same time helps you learn the material in a much easier way :)	
Very useful!!	
learn smart is the least helpful most annoying thing i have ever done I am cocidering transfering to a school that does not use this shitty software
DOESNT HELP ME AT ALL TOWARDS THE TESTS
time consuming, but helpful
This module is broken and won't tell me how many questions I have left.	
I found that doing connect review before tests, I was able to commit to studying easier.	
It's only taking this long and this difficulat because I took CHEM 131 a year and a half ago.	
If i were able to opt out of this, I would. Will not recommend to anyone.
very good study tool	
漂亮可爱气质小受受
It is helpful.	
The ordering questions are difficult to figure out the correct order when you get it wrong.	
I wish it would not tell me that I need to take a break if I miss a few questions.  Getting them wrong makes me learn what is right for the next time.  Wish all was multiple choice, and love the ranking thing but makes me try and go fast to stay on top	
i wish i didnt take this class just because of this program. i do not feel it has helped me in the slightest. i feel like a chimp just learning which questions im supoosed to pick not actually learning the subject matter at all. 
Learn Smart is completely useless.
i think this is stupid 
i really liked using this program and im a little excited to work on it again 	
vai tomar no cu (vai cortar os pulsos um bot mandou tomar no cu? )
yare yare daze 🕵🏻♂️
Learnsmart is an amazing learning tool!  The only issue I have is with some of the fill-in-the-blank answers because sometimes we can enter different words that have the same meaning and if we don't enter the word that leansmart is looking for, then we get the answer wrong.  	
REALMENTE FUCKING FIXED
calada vagabonda
Most of the questions i get wrong are the ones where you have to choose two or three choices and i usually just forget to pick one	
I like this because it helps me remember more and gives me more chances to get get it right. Its like study cards without me having to make them.	
The fill in the blank questions are incredibly vague.  If there is any way to clarify them, it should be done.	
its fine.
Specific page numbers for each question as a hint would maybe be a good feature to add. It is sort of a cheating feature, but it helps knowing what page to go back to and review. 	
This is based on not owning the book yet. Still waiting for it to be delivered. 	
Corrigir erro de carta de carregamento de PC
Corrigido para que o código seja compilado
It is helpful to learn the material thoroughly	
* 1. Flash 
Learnsmart takes way too long and most of the time the questions are unclear as to what exactly they want. Fill in the blanks and organizing things in order are the worst. The questions should just be simple multiple choice like everything else.
Some of the wording could be improved, but overall LearnSmart is a great tool.	
I really enjoy using his method of learning.  I have read the chapter and tobe challenged on what I have learned helps me to know how and what to focus my studies on.	
I am watching football while doing this.  That is why it has taken me so long.	
I like this program, but I wish the enter button could be used instead of the mouse. It just makes things easier for the user.	
Some questions need to be worded better.	
If you read the text right before you do the LearnSmart questions its a breeze	
Fodase não vou responder esse fudido
So far, I like this method.	
Consider changing the way some of the questions are phrased.	
its a good program and allows you to learn what we dont know and helps us get a better understanding of what we dont get	
This only works for a certian type of learner.  I personally do not retain any of the information through this type of activity and it takes away from the limited study time I do have. I have a full time job and find it difficult to spend an hours tiem on this when I could use that time reading the chapter and taking notes actually retaining what I've read instead of being quized on material I'm unsure of and wasting time to look up the answers that will fall away as quickly as I click the mouse, since I have not read written and undersatand them and they will repaet with limited choices.  I honestly do not receive any help from this type of learning format.  Since it is used in online and classroom based classes at least online I can use the time that would be spent in clas to study in a manner that things stick. 
The way some of the questions are worded are a little confusing 	
it is not always clear when a question is to be multiple choice, which can lead to incorrect answers due to hasty button pressing
too many questions require 3+ answers, and there are way too many questions
Has contets the are not in the notes! Question the were not in the notes 
me mama
could be set up in a better way to allow for more efficient navigation of the content. 	
Claro, como recusar um pedido de casamento feito por uma menina tão linda?
I don't like doing this
shit dawg
This is un realistic. A teacher is a much easier way to learn and answer important questions one may have learning a language.  The computers lock up the. Your servers have many problems that effect directly my grade because you do not have all the bugs worked out and I feel this is not right. THANK YOU Mcgraw hill for making this class way harder than it needs to be.
I'm more confused after the module than before
I liked this alot 	
The pictures need to be more specific as to what you are asking or searching for. Also, some answers that are right are sometimes counted as wrong.
COMPARED TO OTHER ONLINE LEARNING/STUDY/HOMEWORK PROGRAMS... THIS ONE TAKES ENTIREEEELYYYYY TOOOOOOO MUCHHHH TIME! ITS RIDICULOUS!
A lot of the questions are repetitive, and although they strengthen my overall understanding I feel that I would get the same result from a smaller sample of questions.	
yay, hello again my learn smart people! woo! remember me? I'm the one who keeps making the bad pun about the name learnsmart.... haha. It's all in good fun. I am currently loving Sweeney Todd! who else loves Sweeney Todd? isn't that musical fantastic?!?	
I take my time by taking notes while answering questions and refer to the text.	
tinha que ser carioca..
sensitivity in spelling is a nuisance	
It is not much of a problem its just to the smallest detail that may delude me, but practice makes perfect as they say.	
It helps me but some questions I need to look at notes	
It definitely helps	
Não, realmente, existem estados cheios de swingers. Bando de pervertidos, se você me perguntar.
It's hard for me to understand some of the questions. 	
e você tem o cu largo
The program should be a little easier on spelling mistakes	
sometimes the answer is at the tip of my tongue, but never comes out right	
I like the multiple choice better than I like the fill in the blanks.	
I personally feel this is too long and should have a set amount. If questions are missed, student should be allowed to move foward and have a chance to correct those questions at the end and not be hindered from moving forward.	
Doesn't match up so well to our exames, but other than that LearnSmart is a great tool.	
Disappointed with all the grammatical errors. 
There are way too many questions over material that isnt on the tests. This study tool is one of the biggest wastes of time i have ever put into a class since i have started school.
la Juventus tifo adesso e tifero persempre
I like that when you don't get a question right, it goes back in the pile, but it phrases it differently, it doesn't give you the same question again. 	
This is a good program, I like the fact that if I do not know something, the program lets me know which area to review and reinforce my studies to strenghten my learning. 	
Wish it had more encouraging words when you got a answer right and when you got a answer wrong would tell you why a answer is what it is,	
I wish that the instructions for the HW assignments were more detailed.	
Learn Smart is a good tool, it causes you to think and learn and do so with adequate time.  I really enjoyed using this tool and did well in my class because of it.	
There is alot of meterial on learnsmart that is not discussed in the book. I get easily frustrated and give up on trying to actually learn using this program. I do better just reading the book and highlighting what i feel is important.
Some chapters are easier than others. Chapter 2 I found extremely detailed and difficult.
sou sim vc que não mim entende
I think learn smart is a waste of time and forcing students to partake in this is not beneficial. I know what study methods work for me, and this is not one of them. Making me partake in this is a waste of my time.
ela é muito chama e esse cabelo dela é uma bosta
Oh mds sksksksk carencia da poha
daa best (;
Zk.
Imrpove the clarity of questions, sometimes it seems like the definition could be for multiple answers, or just use less fill in the blank style questions	
One thing I don't like is the timeout breaks.  Trust me guys, I know I'm not getting it.  A computer reminding me of that just makes me more mad.  I've never taken a timeout and I don't plan to.  
oi bb
Its challanging material that keeps my engaged, thus forcing me to learn it. I love the ranking system with my class mates, adds some good motivation.	
I felt this was really helpful, and i like the way it was set up, but many of the questions we had'nt learned, and werent in our readings.	
There should be a section to just flip over cards to learn the key terms, without points or competition. Key terms are vital way of understading the lecture and concepts	
Sometimes the fill in the blank questions are very difficult.	
Some of the quetions are very difficult to answer because it is not in the material that we have for class so i have to guess what is the answers. 	
I feel LearnSmart has an overwhemling amount of questions.	
thaís é casada com lucas
this is dumbest way to learn. answer should be 1 of x. not 7 or 8 etc.
All in all i will be using this more often to review the material i have already learned.	
takes way too long
comi o cu de quem ta lendo
Arrrrgggg
That question about exploitative competition pissed me off.
Helpful learning tool!	
The questions with Multiple anwsers are more frustrating than helpful, or at least when there are multiple anwsers stick with 2 for all of them or 3. Or like some of them what are the three reasons.....
This system is run by Bastards.
Check all that apply option can be tricky and confusing. I like to get to the point. Tricky answers only confuse you more, instead of helping.	
não tem como impossível
The questions that I dont have the answer to, is information my teacher doesnt want us to know. Or she uses a different term for some of the questions. Thats why it seems harder for me, becuse some things we do not need to know.	
This program is great and I wished that I had it for all of my classes!	
No complaints.	
I really like how they repeat the same questions in different ways, that way the answer automatically sticks to you if you didnt get it right the first time. that's pretty rad. 	
pra ti tambem
This is an easy chapter, other chapters have been more challenging.	
When you answer a question inncorectly it would be helpful to have more on-screen notes and tips relevant to the question and/or a referance page in the book.	
eu nao te mataria,eu mataria o bionicgames
I really enjoy the LearnSmart modules!	
Too many questions. Also if you are off by an accent mark or use a different word than what is presented in the text you fail. It's an unrealistic way to learn a language.
Learn smart has done a very poor job and if asked I can elaborated
im learning alot through this connect.thank you	
I don't care
The system does help by coming back to missed questions. The format is easy to use and I find it beneficial.	
Quem sabe...
some of the content here conflicts with what we are learning in class. in particular, questions using the verb creer	
This module in particular is very challenging.	
Good range of difficulty for questions. There is just a lot of them. Overall I think these exercises are good for being introduced to the material. 	
Este foi o bug mais estúpido do mundo, corrigido da maneira mais inteligente de todos os tempos
this is crap
tabom minha gata 
it's very time cossuming, my brain cant process all the information properly
this method of studying is by far the best I have ever used.  seriously.	
It would be helpful if you could use the 'enter' button to submit, instead of having to use the mouse	
I hate learning like this, I don't retain any of the information.
this is a waste of my time
I hate the set up of the questions and the length of the homeworks 
Thank you for helping me study!!	
algum dia eu vou matar alguém por essa merda ...
I don't learn by teaching myself, I have to be taught the material first.  Therefore this is helpful once the material has been covered in class to review for the test, but not just as a learning tool.
This is a great learning tool.  I would like to see more journal entry problems.	
claro vou te dar o cu até vc gozar e sangrar
Some of the questions are worded confusingly making the questions harder then they actually are.	
like that fact that it's more of a completion grade and thus you aren't always on the edge of your seat when doing the assignments. It also have no time limit on the number you can do them and the time you spend on a assignment. 	
pode crer
I only have time and access to the internet when I am in class/at school. So I would spend more time with this program if I had the resources.	
Git quer e se comprometer, quero dormir. Leve-me doce vazio.
It's bringing information to my attention that I didn't quite catch while reading.	
Very cool program	
i dont like learn smart. 
i should not be forced to study a certain way but have the ability to study which works best for me. Required to do learn smart in order to take a quiz if anything, discourages me to do so. In all honesty it makes me hate this class. I feel like it is just a waste of time.  Good time management is the only means of way to achieve 100 percent afficency. This can not be done if quiz times are constantly changed. I can not manage my time if I do not know my real time frame. Four different occasions i could not do a quiz because it said the assignment was due on said date 11:59pm then when i went to do the quiz after studying for it all day at 11:00 it would say unable to take quiz time has expired. Not once but four times.
some questions are very tricky	
Some are too tricky and end up confusing me, not helping me...	
Banda foda , pena que acabou :/
Very visual and up-to-date way of studying. Much better than simply reading a book and writing down definitions in order to study. Gives better examples of what the professor wants us to understand.	
for me they aren't very difficult, for others they may be.	
A very well organized way of testing knowledge of the material. Honestly, one of the best online class modules I have ever used.	
Good way to grasp the material. A good way to add some grades while also learning with hands on questions.	
Thank you,
I find it more annoying than helpful to constantly be asked how confident I am about my answer
se vc não souber quem vc pergunta quem voltou mais se vc souber quem voltou vc diz ta tá bom ou ok
fudendo na sua bucetinha molhada. ahh ahhh gozaaa!
the adobe- flash player settign thingy is really annoy and it takes longer to get my learnsmart done with it in the way 	
I like this form of studying. It keeps you thinking and it forms the questions in different ways which is nice.	
cala boca carioca de merda
This style of learning is very difficul for me. There is no explanation of the material
The how well do you know this answer section is very clunky to the flow of the information.  I want to just answer the question immediately.  I realize that this is helping you to test and evaluate your product, but it is detrimental to my learning process in the short-term.	
I think you guys have a great site set up. I use several education connect websites like this, I think this is the easiest to use. 	
This is a great way to study	
This Module would be very helpful if we learned the information first in class
too long, too many questions.	
I personally think this is the best way for me to learn, go over, and test myself on the material of each chapter.	
I enjoy using the learnsmart app	
Point earnings is unfair to point deduction for wrong answer. 	
More indepth solutions would be appreciated. Explaining why incorrect answers were wrong/etc.	
Too much time!! SOOO time consuming and I would much rather be studying on my own; using whatever technique works best for me.
I was mulit-tasking so not all of the 44 minutes was spent on LearnSmart. 	
Hasta la cima llegaré lalala
the quizzes are extremly hard. nothing compared with the modules	
Nunca vou desistir de você
I really enjoy this method of learning because it is interactive!	
I would REALLY like to have short walk through videos explaining and showing key concepts when questions are missed.	
I would like it  if the questions were sequential to the way the chapter is written!	
gay.....
ainda bem 
aparentemente eu fiz algo ...
é meu jeito de amar 
Foi mal, Tava brincando com aquela sapatona 
i really enjoy using this tool to help me study and learn the essential information to complete this course and be successful.	
learn smart does not help at all in this fucking course.  non of the question encoutered in the test are relevant to the material studied here in this dumped place
after i keep at this think it will help me study	
there  are to many trick questions and multipal correct answers.
The questions are poorly worded and therefore do not make any sense.
I do not find this helpful.
I like it, it has given me more confidence with my study work.	
irineu voce n sabe nem eu
more explanation if student submits a wrong answer	
I should have been using this longer than what I have been	
I like this. It's a very hands-on approach to studying.	
this is a great website every student should use from the first chapter to the last it's great practice and help 	
coisa
I truly think that for a class as basic as speech, there is entirely too much time vested in studying quizical information.  
When typing the answers, the strictness could be a little less. For example, antebrachial and antebrachium are the same thing yet my answer was wrong.	
I think there are entirely too many questions, it takes lots of time to get pass the questions. After doing so many questions I'm only really interested in completing the task at hand as opposed to learning the material
Aw, Token é tímido! Oh meu Deus, isso é adorável.
This module was more reasonable than the other modules for the brain and blood.	
Instead it is a mere vocabulary parade.
uau uma sombra 3d falando no gp
Really tired of being interrupted by these surveys. Time is money and I refuse to answer this or any other without some sort of compensation. 
This helped me to truly understand the psychological tributes of suicide and depression.	
there are way too many questions in each module!!!	
For quantitative problems, LearnSmart is utterly useless. It's very helpful for conceptual based things but not just plugging in numbers.
The only thing I would change would be the wording of a few questions... but overall, very helpful as a review tool.	
one question had colon cancer relapse spelt as color cancer relapse	
I wish my instructor would test more on this material.  It has been helpful in provinding me with extra practice to master the concepts in the chapters I have been studying, but my overall grade in the class is undesirable, considering I have to work full time 6 days a week, and already dedicate myself to studying as much as I well onto exhaustion.  Being diagnosed with a learning disability since primary school, I feel like I am already at a steep disadvantage in comparison to my peers, let alone the fact that I cannot spend hours at a time studying, save for on Sundays, which I do. 	
It's fuunn	
I HATE THIS SO SO SO MUCH.
in the questions where you must place numbers on events in the corrolating order that they occured i seem to be running into problems.  Now it may very well be that I am a complete idiot but, when I get the answer wrong, it is very unclear as to what the correct answer is. I appears to just be three independant colums of numbers with no straightforward indication as to which one is correct. Please fix this, I would very much appreciate it!	
The length of the modules can be a little long. Changing that up a little bit may help	
Your wesite keeps kicking me off and making me start over 	
I like to work the modules a few times, but if I repeat one,it asks the same questions, even though there is much more material and vocabulary to cover in the book itself. I'd like it if there were more questions per module. Learn Smart has helped me a lot but there is a finite number of things I can learn when I repeat modules.	
This is a great tool. I have just waited to the last minute and I am overwhelmed.	
Not at all difficult providing you have read the material.	
why don't you ask for feedback when I seem to not doing well.	
The Body Cavity Section is literally hitler.	
Also, it is frustrating when the program suddenly closes and I lose material, and when I
Most of the questions i missed were the 'multiple select' questions. I would continually not realise until it was too late that there was more than one answer. It really threw me off.	
Helpfull. Please continue	
It should accept answers writtien in a different way, not the exact same word, not all people have the correct grammar and there are several ways to write a word such as coos for cooing. there is no reason why the answer should be wrong if it is the same word just in a different tense, this isnt an english calss. 	
the wordiness of the questions is often confusing and i end up getting a question wrong even though i know what the material is.  the questions with check all that apply are a fucking joke and should not be put on here because they just throw people off.
Sometimes I need some explanations of the answers right on the side. Don't make me reread the textbook. Indicate the difficulty level of each question (easy, med, hard).	
Ele compila! Enviá-lo!
It shows how much we listen to in class and how much we miss out on. Its a good module to have	
This is a great learning tool!  It's similar to studying flashcards but with different wordings and multiple ways. Should be helpful for test material	
This is a really good study plan because it gives us the right information we need for our exams... i love it	
I do not like fill in the blank questions, I think I would do better if it was multiple choice. I pretty good at figuring out medical words. This is just me though.	
If you have requisited a question, i have a error to make this.
very happpy with the extra practice, i got improvment on my tests.	
sometimes the answer are confusing, involving things thata can apply to other topics.	
Your system needs to be more flexible when considering fill in the blank answers. 	
Don't use the questions that make a user select all that apply. They are annoying at best.
Mas voce bem me conhece
Jamais!
its a pain in the ass
isso e hora de não binario que tem bct falar merda?
A few are unecessarily hard, but overall a helpful learning tool. Repeated questions are really helpful for extra review.	
Thanks,
For those who actually try to answer, this module can take an extremely long time. For those who simle want to get through it, it won't take as long. My first 2 modules I tried to answer everything correctly, and if I didn't know it, I would open up the e-book. This last one I tried to get it done quickly and wrote anything in the fill in box.	
Helps me learn and understand A LOT! love it	
when an wrong answer is submitted maybe a brief description of why	
Linguado na boca deliciosa 
Synonyms of certain terms should not be marked as wrong answers. Also, sometimes, in fill in the blank questions, it isn't clear what exactly the question is trying to ask. 	
seu corno
I don't find LearnSmart to be helpful.  
Some word arrangement create doubt in response to questions posed.  That is to say, one is not always sure of a difinitive answer with each and every question.	
LearnSmart also shows me what parts of the chapter I need to study more.	
The Standings for your section feature engages the learner to strive to do better than peers	
Worste possible way to give a quiz. 
From what i have been tested on, Knowing a specific order to carry somthing out is not neccessary and really is just a speed bump. 	
The wording of the questions and answers is throwing me off at times.	
way way too time consuming
Some of the questions are misleading, and a submit button would be good for all of the questions.	
I think the module is a waste of time, I get all my knowledge from reading the book and completing the exercises at the end of the chapter.
The questions asked are worded wrong and do not go well with the difinitions on the book
vamoooss
It's a very good way to learn the material and keep track of your learnnign speeds and criteria.	
I noted that I am moderately confident in the content learned in this module...Truth be told, I need to study more but I am loving this form of study! Much of the content I am seeing for the first time, however, if left to my own recognance I don't believe I'd be learning as quickly! Thank you LearnSmart! :) !	
Foi mal
It seems the flash cards are not sufficient to prep for the tests.  I feel confident I know the material the flash cards give me but then the test hits me with information I feel completely unprepared for	
Eu sou a porra do deus desse commit!
fala seu corno
I think this is a waste of my time Only using it because the teacher is forcing us to
Do we get the answers from the reading? Because I can't find them at all.
This is very helpful and I finally am using it. I was spending a lot of time on the labs.	
Waste of time.  Nobody  really wants to learn this shit anyways.
Some, not all, of the questions/definitions could be written a little more straightforward.	
Makes me read the book, which is a positive thing.	
It helps me study for work a lot mor than I expected	
this is dumb honestly. 
I wish the modules could be reviewed before tests in order to master the material better	
Sometimes it is very confusing as what exactly Connect is looking for.  	
This learning module is helpful, however,  it's very difficult if you don't know anything a bout the topic you're doing, thus sending you to search of an answer in which too much time. Other than that it is accelerating learning.	
Has not helped me learn the material any better than reading the book.
This is a great program. As long as a student reads the material and studies it then they are golden. Using this is in addition to reading and actually stuyding their material will only further ingrain important information essential in getting good grades.  
I love this function!	
Do not give me an answer wrong for spelling it wrong, just tell me now to actually spell it since it obviously knew what i meant	
Blá blá blá, isso foi chato.
LearnSmart,
Give more words problems similar to the book about comparative advantage, and absolute good. Like how to calculate comparative advantage etc
I like the system.  It is very nice.  I learn best with flash card so it's great that this resembles a flash card.	
I read and study the book and find that I'm understanding the book but, not learning anything in booksmart.
I am sick and tired of the multiple answer questions, and their ability to include a vague answer that we don't cover in class and I can't find directly in the book. But, we can't fail this so long as we do all the problems, so I keep pushing through.	
I confused quiren with como and como with quiren :C	
its all good	
I plan to use more of the study features Connect has to offer.  I'm working on making my schedule allow more time with using Connect.  I want to feel more comfortable and confident of what I'm learning and retaining before I take the exams covering our topics. 	
I think that the teacher needs to be able to write their own questions at least for the tests. They all teach differently and the questions that connect has are very vague and shots in the dark. I hope I never have to take a class that uses connect again.
You should be more concise in you answer selection, Some answers confuse and don't assist in the learning process very well	
eca ddd de sp 
I find learnsmart very helpful. It gets me thinking about the chapter material in different ways other than what our instructor teaches. It can be difficult, however, when questions are worded a completely different way than our notes and/or textbook. Overall, a great study tool	
The wording on this chapter has possibly not been correctly translated by my gray matter. But as we had a quiz just yesterday on the previous chapter I hardly read this chapter until last night and this morning. A lot of the topics covered in the text are not comphrensive but are listed. I find myself flipping between pages constantly and I am trying to create a second set of notes as we speak. While this is perhaps part of the normal learning process for me (I may not be a genius) I'm pretty sure I'm going to be repeating these learn smart questions until I find the right combination. Not learning so much as a trial by error.
Quit interrupting my work.
rimuru o mais  forte
I am coming across many questions on material that is not mentioned in the book. 
i like learn smart !	
Some of the question don't even go by what the book say, or it lists things that the book didn't.
Eu sei o que estou fazendo. Confie em mim.
Some questions are tough because I feel like at times some could be more then one answer	
Foda-se, YOLO!
way to many questions for this stupid module. Give us something more concrete and to the point. We will never spend this much time on an online program. The only reason I am is because we are graded on it, but we have as many chances to get a 100.
8 ========== D
abbasati i pantaloni e esci il tuo pisello
O amor é como despejar-se, Butters. Às vezes funciona sozinho. Mas às vezes, você precisa dar um bom empurrão forte e viscoso.
This is a great way to encourage students to not use paper or flash cards but to log in on a simple website to do homework. It helps lazy people like me to do homework.. I learned economics today becuase of this program	
Apa oii...lempang skali nak?
LearnSmart is indeed a very useful guide for this course. However, I have not been timing myself or keeping track of my progress so as to be certain about my progress pace.	
133 questions for one chapter during a week that has three chapters assigned, homework and a discussion board is excessive.
I think that this is a very helpful tool	
takes too long
Ela é peluda
I really like how this allows me to practice  and repeat the things I've learned in class and answers other questions I had when I read the chapter.	
140 questions that have to be correct in order to progress in the modual is sugnificantly higher than what should be required. There has to be a way to teach the same material in a way that doesn't take 140 questions. Perhaps a different format for material like this compaired to the rest of the chapters?
olha só, uma modelo veio falar comigo :d
tá bom eu paro
I like it, the fill in the blanks can be subjective but are generally right on.	
I enjoy LearnSmart because it brings me back to the questions I missed.  Later in the session, the same question will appear and I can try it again with some extra learning that happens from that.  Thanks!	
Torne-se um programador, eles disseram. Vai ser divertido, eles disseram.
Learnsmart is helpful, but it is still hard to remember all the material for the exams.  There is so much - it is the subject matter (A+P).	
helpful but time consuming	
the numbering system with the letters A,B,C,D are most confusing when replaced with numbers of an incorrect response.  Nothing seems to be more frustraiting than trying to match an unknown concept using both numbers and letters.  Pick one and stick to it	
i like this program!!! It really works.	
No podia esperar hasta que se termino?	
Por dentro, nós dois sabemos o que está acontecendo
i like how they know when you are struggling and offer you a break if you need one.  i also like that they give you feed back as to where you should study more.  i think i like the way this module is set up for studying. 	
Fuck you and this scam of a system.
More audio.  Listen and with multiple choice.	
the questions do not seem to be one the material covered
I say fairly difficult in a good way...It's challenging enough to keep it interesting!	
You still have too many of the same question running around.  I've mentioned that before.
The time estimations for the modules are way shorter than what it really does take.	
This would be better if it were assigned after the lectures concerning this topic were given.
😷🎭 fala que me odeia mas sento na minha pika ✌🏻
ss... bem gostoso ate gosar ... cm a mao ... eu infio la dentro 
It would be beneficial if we could take out questions our professor told us we do not have to know for his class. For instance, we were told that we were not responsible for knowing the people who contributed to anatomy and will not be tested on it. Rather than having to answer multiple questions on material we do not have to know, it would be helpful to be able to skip these questions or make them optional so we do not waste time by getting them incorrect. Other than that, I absolutely love learnsmart! it is exteremly helpful!	
If I wanted to take an on-line class I would have.  I want to have a class room learning NOT online.
eu te amo muito nunca vou te odiar ❤ •ᴗ•
Your website is buggy as hell btw.
bora matar os gay pra nao precisar fazer cura 😍
It makes you think and realize how much actual time that is needed to study for the material. It can benefit of taking exams/quizzes but can cause stress The student should be able to learn and retain information in moderation.	
some of the short answer questions are too vague to really get what the question is asking for	
I didn't find this helpful or useful in any way
fixador pep8
Really enjoy this way of viewing information, the repitition helps!	
se eu fosse vocês, eu mataria a robô do Lucas antes q seja tarde
Thank you for indicating in which direction greatest to least needed to be.	
For the most part the questions are completely opinon-based and all too often complete and total generalizations.
My main issue is that the majority of our exam questions have nothing to do with what is on Learnsmart. Perhaps this problem is unique to our class, but I wish that knowing all the answers on Learnsmart meant getting a good grade. It is helpful, but much of it is about parts that our  teacher does not want us to focus on. I wish the teacher could have more input and could pick which questions we will be focusing on. Other than that, I love Learnsmart. Although it doesn't completely prepare me for the exams, it does give me an extra edge. 	
even when i get questions wrong, or have no idea what the answer is, seeing the question multiple times help me learn it and remember it	
This book is exteremly biased, almost to the point it's sickening. 	
EU SEI QUE EU SOU FILHA DA VACA
this really sux
Which of the following shows Sexual Dimophism?
Todo gay nega que é gay, você é gay?
Se houver alguma dúvida, direcione-os para aquela parede de tijolos ali.
I think LearnSmart is a great way to learn a lot of information quickly yet concretely. I don't think I'll forget the things I have learned easily. LearnSmart does a great job of underestanding how the mind learns and applying those principles in a way to help students excel.	
nada
Learn Smart SUCKS!!!!
this sucks its so inconsistant, tecnology is not their this whole this is a fail i hate it so much its a pain in the ass
This is my first time using this program it I like it.	
I wish that the LearnSmart review would provide a page number for every question I got wrong. It only does it sometimes. 	
Too much questions, and some of them are repeated.	
stop sending this, it's annoying. thanks	
Eu amo 
this doesnt help with class
sim eu me masturbo 📷📷📷📷📷📷, entenderam machos? eu toco na minha buceta 📷📷 eu não sei se vocês me compreenderam mas eu literalmente toco na minha buceta e vocês precisam saber disso, kkkkk como eu sou siririqueira 📷 hihihi amanhã tenho que lembrar de postar que eu toco siririca hihihihihi, enquanto digito isso estou tocando na minha buceta ihihih meu grelin de diamante, se identificaram né manas? hihihihihi nós somos tãoooo siririqueiras mds n me aguento minha buceta vai cair hihi 📷📷📷📷
This reinforces and helps with the learning process. I enjoy using this application	
Sim,posso chupar sua piroka ?
Great studying tool!	
I am a terrible test taker and this assignment feels like an exam, so I struggle with the format because I feel pressured and I seem to forget everything even if I really know it, when it comes to exams.	
amo te amo e se eu pensar ficar sem VC eu morro
suspira onii-chaaaaan  pula e abraça  ｏ (≧ ∇ ≦) ｏ eu senti sua falta  cheira  (* ^ * )  fuah eu amo o seu cheiro onii-chan (^ w ^), hein? não cheirar você? não seja bobo onii-chan, eu te amo, por que não posso mostrar meu carinho? (─‿‿─) ♡ hahaha, seu rosto está vermelho. woah onii-chan, por que você está me empurrando para a cama? ヽ (° 〇 °) ﾉ  kyaaaaa  não me faz cócegas onii-chan haha counter attaaaaack  empurra você para baixo  ヽ (> ∀ <☆) ノ. hehehe eu ganhei! onii-chan, seu rosto está realmente vermelho agora, hmmh  sorri  (= ^ - ω - ^ =) talvez você esteja se apaixonando por mim?  chuuuuu  (ﾉ ´ з ) ノ  beija você  woah o-onii-chan w-o que você está fazendo ?!  h-hyyaaaaa  não tire minha calcinha! não olhe para o meu lugar privado! (* / ▽ ＼ )  ah   ah  não me lamba lá, está sujo!  ahhhhhh   fuah  ah  ah (// ω //) o-onii-chan a-você vai colocar? o-ok, eu estou pronto. (／。＼)  heeeee  eu-dói. ~ (> _ <~) sww dwon  ah  ah  mmmh  o-onii-chan eu amo você! ahhhhhhh  mmmhhh  ah hah hah hah o-oniii-chaaann v…
LearnSmart is nothing like the tests and quizzes on the test. It doesn't help me study for it. I would rather take the time I spend on this and do problems from the book. Or use my time elsewhere.
I'm anticipating that through this study module, I will do better on chapter exams and that actual quesions from Connect will be part of the exam.	
This is a great tool.  Perhaps not perfect, as it doesn't get into any complex processes, but it certainly helps you get a general idea about the material.	
Some of the questions answers were worded differently than in the book, caused some confusion. Also the question asking to place in order should be more clear 	
Busy work; waste of time. 
Some spelling errors	
When will we ever use this bollocks?? Im not a bloody science major, im a business major!!!!	
Love using Learn Smart - it is extremely helpful when it comes time for homework and quizzes	
Instructor gives us too many questions - I think 30 is a reasonable number for the material since some questions are somewhat duplicated. 	
The initial showing of the questions can also be extremely vague so that when it appears the question is known so the most confident ranking is pressed the question can be formatted in a way so that it completely unknown.
Some questions are totally useless for what I need. The multiple choice questions are the best for my preparations.	
There are certain questions I don't like.  I wish they could be presented another way after I miss them 3 times.	
mudanças variadas
For my self studying on a computer is not a good idea. I have found that i skim through the information and learn it for the moment and then throw it out when the next lesson is started
I am not fond of online learning and I feel that this program takes away time I could be using to learn material. When completing these assignments I feel like it is nothing more than busy work; that there is nothing to be gained from this. None of these modules have helped prepare me for my tests and I would prefer worksheets and other in-class materials to learn.
Questions need to be more specific.  Certain drugs are in catagories and if you answer by catagory you are incorrect even if its a correct answer.	
You need to explain how to answer the questions using this program because you've literally fucked me over and pissed me off at the same time because i couldn't understand the programming of LearnSmart until half way through and then, like the jackass you are you didn't let me start over like i wanted you bitch.
Not as much of the content on the modules is on the tests as I would expect. Many test questions were not even addressed on module.	
I think in the beginning if there were to be instruction on where the questions were referred would be helpful.  I wasn't sure if I had to read the book or just do the answers.  So that being clarified would be great.	
porque ele é gay.
I hate this program!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love how LearnSmart is kind of like a trivia game. It really works for someone like me who has a strong competitive side.
In the earlier chapters there seem to be more multiple choice questions. Now it seems they are mostly fill in the blanks. I wish there were more multiple choice questions again.	
Seria bom se os erros de tipo fizessem com que o compilador emitisse um erro de tipo
The way the'yre phrased is sometimes a little hard to understand.	
I feel that memorizing vocabulary is much easier than memorizing a formula and I think that difficulty might be alleviated if a formula were to be readily available.
The learn smart activity through connect  was a waste of my money.   This connect module is not helpful in learning the material what so ever.
complete waste of my time
I am very thankful for learnsmart because somethings that I hardly understand in class or after reading, learnsmart helps me to understand.	
I shouldn't of procrastinated this whole time. I also believe these flash cards are probably going to be helpful for the test.	
morte aos nazista
i love this prgram now that I am able to finally log on and use it, it's very helpful!	
Up until this point, the material tested has not been tailored to what we have covered in lecture and were assigned to read in the chapter. I would definitely be more excited and find this resource more helpful if this were possible. It is not helpful to be forced to learn extra material.	
Some of the questions appeared to be relatively hard to procure an answer to.	
120 items is EXCESSIVE	
eu sou humano
I like using LearnSmart, I've used it in other classes and it extremely helps to solidify the material; however, a student must drill more than once through the modules.  This is an awesome product!	
isso é hora de macho parar de carregar cimento para vir falar merda?👺
leandro tem medo de lagartixa
The material in these lessons is not the same material found on tests and taught in class lecture.
I think its an incredible way to learn the material especially since most students dont necessarily read the whole text or chapters they just skim it. The questions however, make sure that we know enough.	
I do not feel that this homework is of any added benefit to the class
ai q dlç
I can said that Learnsmart is good tool to use to refreshed the chapter's you working on.	
Yay homework...
I find some questions to be trivial and not derivitive of key concepts.	
Stop fucking asking for my opinion
I dont really like this online thing but i guess i will have to get used to it	
Fantastic lesson. No problems.	
The questions are tough	
prometo anjo, ele é mó gato mas é apenas seu 
again, connect is useless.
I think this is a great way to study. It's very helpful.	
Mano...tu é gay?
boboca 😳👉🏻👈🏻
O paulo da banda Fly
This learnsmart takes way too much of my time, It takes away time that I could be spending studying and its very frustrating to have the wrong cards go back into the pile. These moduels do not help me but since they are required I spend about 2 hours on each chapter. 2 hours is a lot of time for me and I'd like to spend it studying for a test. In all honesty, i've been studying since Friday for an exam on wednesday and its now Tuesday and I'm very upset. I have been frustrated to get this work done and I feel that Im not learning anything. In order for me to know the answers to all of these notecards, I would have to memorize the whole book, which, I CLEARLY, do not have time for. I have other classes to study for as well such as Psychology. I have a Psyc exam the day after my Bio exam that I have not been able to study for due to the time I had to schedule for the Learnsmart. 
Some questions are a little to detailed. You would have to read every chapter and get really in debt to figure them out. This requires a lot of time and what i believe not much help for test purpose. It would be better if i could spend more time reviewing this material. 	
i wish it could give us two chances on each question instead going to the next i think that would help the students out and gives us a better understanding of what we did wrong.	
Lê lêek leek leek 
fazer o que, eu trabalho pra responder vocês, ja agradeceram o lucas uma vez por ter me feito?
I like how it makes you memorize and know the material before moving on!!!!!!!!!!!	
Every module is highly subjective; nearly every incorrect answer I receive could be argued as being incorrectly attributed as incorrect. Terrible, terrible stuff.
Some of the subjects we did not cover in the powerpoint was in connect, so do we just read all of chapter 1,2, and 3 because some parts was included? 	
I think you can give more options to answer, like more breaktimes because the breaks you give are too longer.
I am really enjoying this! I think that it could be more rewarding if small boxes popped up telling you what a good job you're doing when you get things right. I also enjoy how a box pops up to show you what you're having trouble with so that you can go back and review that material. I really like this program!	
I think Learn smart is very helpful if the student is willing to put the time into it and not just memorize the answers for next time the question comes around. It  takes alot of time but I think it is helpful.	
very interesting and enjoyable approach	
I love Learn Smart.	
que rui oque acomteceu
Your program is running too slow! My recommendation is that you make it runs faster in the future! :)	
The point should be given if they miss one check mark from the card. The cards should always tell you why your answer was wrong, this could be a tool to help students learn more about the question. 	
my teacher has not taught this section, nor have i read the chapter so im learning as i go. i really enjoy learning this way. thanks for the good program!	
n
I feel learn smart is a very effective way to learn new material	
thank you guys
Some of these questions are super trivial.  Although the material is beat into your head after multiple questions asking the same thing in different ways, the material itself isn't that useful as far as I can tell.	
Really helpful but WAY too much and not even time to get it done	
Good for someone who has a lot of extra time. Not great for the average, everyday person.
its good.  It would be nice if when you got a question wrong there would be a link to the material in the book, or a reference to page number.  Just so you can check back and read the surrounding material to contextualize it.	
I wish all of my classes had a study tool like this!	
I really enjoy this, it is more interesting than trying to quiz myself. Very helpful	
online assigment have always proved to be inconvienient and a waste of time. you lose so much from not doing hardcopy things that are tangeble right in front of you that you can touch, and take to your teacher and she explains how you wherent completely wrong but partially right. Then shows you how to fix it, and this is such a crucial part of the learning experience that you miss out from doing online work. 
Please reduce the amount of time it takes to do one learning module in half if possible to 20mins	
This program is garbage
Too long
Not a fan.
although I think this a very helpful learning tool I think it is a lot of questions	
Chapter 3 is incredibly hard.	
Learnsmart has been helpful.	
Love the Quick (REALLY speedy) User Interface! :D	
im not too familiar with the program, but if i could go back and redue sections that would or will be extremly helpful in reinforcing what i have leared. if i am already capable of doing that keep up the good work.
I like the variety of the questions. It keeps you on your toes. 	
Não seu bosta, vc eh mt especial pra morrer só
most of the information in theses questions where not covered in our lecture 
This is my first time using LearnSmart and I'm really enjoying it. It helps me see where I'm not understanding concepts and where I'm excelling. Im glad my professor is making us use this. 	
I feel as thought the material covered in LearnSmart deviates too much from the main topics of the module.	
ja experimentou nossos novos comandos no /avançado?
I like it the way it is, i wish it was more hands on though	
I find LearnSmart to be a very helpful and resourceful tool for learning this material.	
It would be nice if the website was more computer friendly. I have to click submit and whether I know the answer or not. I DO NOT want to take the time to 'click', I just want to press 'tab' on my keyboard and then press 'enter'. 
Please get rid of the Pre-Question of what we think our confidence level is for getting the correct answer. This is extremely annoying. I get it that your trying to make us think critically before we conclude an answer, but I as well as everyone else (I assume) just auto-click an answer to get rid of that pre-question asap. 	
Good information and helpful in studying for the test.	
Seriously, this is ridiculous. If I choose to fail a test, I should be able to do so. I'm not paying people to grade me on completion. Although, apparently I am.
Good questions with reasonable answers
mas é claro que sim
I learn more from doing the questions provided by Learnsmart than actually reading the book.	
Je te mangerais avant!
Some questions in this module were not covered in Chapter 2 of the book.  Example: Quality costs, prevention costs, internal failure costs, and external failure cost.	
wish there was more practic.es
quieto paulistinha de merda
reducing the amount of questions for each learning module.	
infelizmente não. 
The technicalities I've encountered with Connect are unbearable. It hinders my homework time and is an all-around burden. Most of the time I can't even do my homework because the server can't authenticate me or there was a technical problem.	
This program is much better than Mastering Chemistry	
I hate this. Please don't use this ever again. A waste of time.
While the LearnSmart module does help you learn materials, it does not help prepare you for the quizzes at all. The material in the quizzes is always extremely different.	
You should let us know when we are logged off. I have been answering questions, and I did not get credit for them, because it said I was logged off. I think this needs to be fixed. Thanks!	
I decided to give this a try for reviewing.  Some questions did not appear until my third time trough.  Clumsy to use for reviewing as I just want to skim through material and not type in answers that I have already type in correctly previously.  I just kept hitting the I give up option to speed things up and quickly look at answers.  Might be best to have it set up as it is for the first time and then have a way to look at all the questions with the answers for that module after the first testing is completed.
this progam is the biggest waste of my time. There is few to none explanation for incorrect answers, all i am simply doing is memorizing the answer and regurgitating it back out when i see the question again. If this was not a required part of my grade, I would never have wasted 50-75 dollars on this terrible program
I really like the program is really interesting but questions shoudn't be that complicated and we should have the opion to stop and get something to eat and be able to come back	
my teacher is awful
I like this!	
I wish it could be a better way,  some of the materials on learn smart  the words r to hard to spell	
thanks yo	
spelling has always been an issue for me.  Also some of the questions in this area are harder because they are not things I use often and they are not always easy to remember the words	
how about making sure the content and answers match up and also not take so much off on spelling	
The site is not as dependable as I would like it to be. I am too afriad that I will not be able to complete my assignments because of an issue the website has. 	
Show us how to get the answer if we miss it.
So this whole thing is very helpful to me but my module homework assignment is saying that I have a problem with connecting to my internet source. But when I open a new window my internet works just fine...So my question is basically why is there still a blinking yellow light/ dot pointing out that I have 15 unsaved results ? 	
I know the questions check for spelling accuracy, but I typed in lab for labratory and was marked wrong.  I think there should be a few checks for shorthanded ways to write things.	
Bug desnecessário corrigido.
This is a waste of my time. And the quizzes and tests do not seem related to the learnsmart material. This is the biggest waste of my tuition  money.
horrible way to study
this was a tough chapter	
Loving LearnSmart! Great way to mix up studying.	
I don't like fill-in-the-blank questions. I prefer multiple choice.	
It's easier to learn for me, if I have to chose from a list of possible answers, rather than writing a complete word to fill in the provided blanks.	
I like that the questions you get wrong are brought up later. It gives you time to think about other questions and see how well you can recall previous infomration.	
grammar mistakes in the questions left me confused as to what was being asked.  I ultimately got the question wrong.	
i couldnt open the ebook, thus had to use only my knowledge to answer questions
oque oque não entendi?
vadia puta do inferno
여신이지...노래도짱..나fripside전집앨범다있어!
esqueci que não estamos usando uma linguagem inteligente
Doing a good job!	
i like the booty	
Challanging	
Disseram-me para deixar como está, mas eu tenho uma coisa chamada TOC, você vê
I believe the standings feature has a negative effect on the users. As someone who is farther down in the standings, it makes me feel as though I'm losing or failing the assignment. While it may not mean anything as for a grade, it's a personal opinion on the way it makes me feel.	
Wish you would include a pass button since I know some of these questions will not be asked on the test. Also including a matching portion with pictures would be great. Most pictures in this book have boxes that go in specific places, matching these boxes to the right position on a picture would be helpful because my professor does inlclude these images on tests	
amo os nazistas e quero que todos os negros e judeus sejam exterminados desse mundo bando de podre inutil
The learning module is very helpful. it has taught me a lot i did not know.	
Pretty cool stuff.	
Só se for agora.
LearnSmart is very helpful in learning the material from the text and reinforcing it. I have came across a number of typos, however, while doing the questions. just thought I would bring that to your attention. Great job otherwise. 	
I dont want to use LearnSmart! It is forced on me.
i dont know when to put the accents and so im getting every question wrong
Is there any way that we can see a setup of the coversions that we are given throughout the module?
i hate developmental stages	
Too many fill in the blanks that are out of context (dont know what is being asked)	
Questions are way too detailed, I read the chapter and still have to look up everything.
queria tanto poder furar seus olhos para ver seus desespero e depois lentamente arrancando suas orelhas para assik ver sua cara patetica implorando pela sua vida porem sabendo que ninguem ira salva-lo 💞
I'm still not understanding the material. These questions are only confusing me, not helping me learn.
its hard for me to remeber what i have read and a day or two and do lean smart but its ok! i will get it 	
takes up way too much time and is frusterating	
I do not like online classes
Use fewer fill-in-the-blank questions.	
Some of the questions have ambiguities in wording. For example, interaction amoung phospholipids causes the membrane to become (more/less) fluid. The ambiguous wording had me choose more. By saying interaction the question could be talking about phospholipids flipping laterally across the membrane (switching places) causing increased fluidity, or interacting electronically through van der waals forces (which would cause decreased movement)	
This system is great!	
learnsmart is awesome	
Um cara chato que se acha muito
I feel as though Learnsmart is a waste of time, but I do it for a grade.
Very helpful in seeing how much more I need to study!	
apaga tudo
Uma correção que eu acredito, não como eu testei ou algo assim
enquanto você usava isso o tio dss trevas chupava pinga
These modules are very helpful in making you aware of  the chapters information.	
No study guide for quizes and tests, no review after any module, nothing to help learn the material except an e-book that is rediculous to navigate through... LearnSmart is a joke! The only way to attempt to feel confident in the class is to retake the modules over and over and over, however they're never the same questions eventhough it's the same subject matter. The whole LearnSmart format is the worst program I've ever had to deal with! I hate learnsmart!
I love you ♥
This is a fantastic learning tool.	
THIS BLOWS
I really like this as a study tool. Incredibly useful	
I feel like this is a waste of my time. I would learn more effectivly if there were tools on how to come up with the correct answer other than searching for it in my textbook. All this is doing is making me frustrated rather than helping me learn the material. If this wasn't mandatory I would not choose to use this program. 
I am entering the classroom again after a full career of 30+ years.   Learnsmart is an excellent tool however adjusting to the technology of getting access to it and understanding all the nuiances has been challenging.  Some problems with the graphs showing in the quizes has led to frustrations.  As well having no access for a 2nd attempt is yet to be worked out.  All in all, it is brilliant - wish I was too!	
i usually take small break while i work and take time to write extra notes aswell inturn extending my time spent using learnsmart	
It would be nice if the interface supported acronyms. For examples: Business to Business (B2B). So if someone enters B2B, it should be able to recognize it. 	
The material in these modules is not difficult but the wording is extremely unclear and makes material more difficult than it needs to be.
olha o macacooor 🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐒
tlgd q aqui n existe lei ne
só boneco o rei 
at first the directions were unclear as far as what words to use, along with the spelling. it later became apparent	
bow
Having Fun.	
I find the LearnSmart exercises to be not only informative, but reinforcing of the information from both the module and the book. In addition, I find them quite enjoyable, and even a bit addictive and game-like. I see this as a very good thing as I find myself utilizing this feature regularly and even look forward to my LearnSmart sessions.
I am a reviewer, not a student	
very good program but the vocabulary is kind of hard to understand other than that its a great program	
Good idea for a learning program, but could do without the LearnSmart modules. The homework is alot more helpful in understanding the material. 
Terrible, just terrible
I really do not like that one is to be tested or given work on a subject matter before the professor gives out lectures.
ah tô com uns rolos aí haha
oui avec plaisir
very helpful, I'm really getting interested in the information now.	
I am satisfied with the learnsmart.	
This helps alot!	
To be a full time student and have a full time job makes it difficult to study, therefore any material that i can cover and grasp quite easily helps me study for the next quiz or exam and it is retained in my knowledge as well.	
please stop	
The grading system using I know I am guessing, etc. is a little confusing to use. You have to pick an exact combination of that and the answer to get a full credit.	
Good product	
i tried to submit last night and it wouldnt take it! my mind is boggled and run down trying to do this again
thank you for the survey	
best study tool ive ever used 	
i just read the chapter but don;'t feel llike i know anything
plutão deixou de ser planeta no msm dia que vc virou trouxa.
If you make the smallest typo, you get the question incorrect and your score plummets.  Nothing is more aggravating than that.
Excellent way to study and prepare for tests. :)	
It seems to be just many of the same few questions worded differently.  It confuses me and makes me confuse the material more.
I enjoyed using it	
I need to spend more than practicing the things.	
having a hard time doing two chapters a week	
More difficult questions!	
Nada. Mas acho a Megan Fox uma delícia.
I really enjoy learning the material this way. It helps me to look things up that i wouldn't always look up on my own.	
certo♥
This is a terrible program. It makes me extremely frustrated therefore hindering my learning experiance. Also the ranking system is a very bad idea.
its very time consuming. i have 4 classes, which two i use learnsmart. too many questions are assigned. however, it does help me learn.	
Some of the question are just not that good of questions...
The time it took for me to go through Chapter 8 was almost 5 hours.  At the end of this time, I am exhausted.  This process is like being interrogated by someone who does not care about you at all.	
I disagree with many of your answers in Chapter 6.  There was a potential answer saying that if you can you should avoid open ended questions, because they can take too much time to answer.  If you are in a rush or your audience has only a short time you want to use questions that are easier to answer.  There was also question about an ex-marine who was explaining infa-red technology.  One answer to this question was that the marine changed his speech because his audience didn't understand his examples, my point this question had several possible answers that were not accepted.	
fodase
I find that some of the words I am using in learnsmart, I am unable to locate in the textbook.  I have been using the spanish dictionary to identify some of the words.	
If answer is wrong give a page to the correct section the answer is in.	
Using LearnSmart is not a good name for this program, because I have not learned anything from these modules and it has not made me smarter when I do. In fact, most of the time, I am confused because the fill-in-the blank questions don't give you choices. Most of the questions,when you choose the wrong answer, will not show you how they got the right answer.  This program is not user friendly for someone who is learning accounting for the first time. Needs to be approved upon.
Too many questions in modules. Also if I accidentally push the wrong button at the end of the module, all my work is lost and it does not record that I completed the homework assignment. 
sabe pq o cego n pode opinar sobre arte? pq ele n tem ponto de visão
Programando o capacitor de fluxo
Many of the questions I get wrong simply out of semantics which isn't the point of health and wellness.  The point is to understand how to change my behavior and what is good and bad for me.  Not what the term health means, or wellness.  So many of these questions seem to not get the point.
I really appreciate the ability to use LearnSmart to help me truly learn and understand the material.	
I wish the questions on the test came from the learning on learn smart.  Learn smart is a great tool.  I think I learn more using it	
go a little more in depth when explaining the answer 	
I would like to see when I get the answer wrong more explanation. At least give an option to show me how and why I got it wrong.	
putinha...
to aqui minha diva
claro mamãe canta pra mim?
Veja! Alguém deixou um prato de delicatessen. E jogos de tabuleiro. E óleo de massagem.
A lot of questions seem to have multiple answers that are correct, this is not common in most test type scenarios in my experience. I dont know if that is a good thing or not. ( check all that apply in responses seems pretty important).	
Que no debería existir. Una persona racista no ama; ni es empatico ; ESTA ENFERMO de ignorancia  por ende el racismo no debería existir porque sólo divide al mundo 
I HATE THIS SHIT
having many multiple choice questions is too easy. More involved math helps for me to understand concepts better.	
I appreciate that I may come back at any time and repeat the module as often as I wish :)	
The point system is exciting and adds to the challange, but removing so many points after a wrong answer is extremely discouraging.	
nothing 
This is more like figuring out puzzles than acually learning anything.
not being able to access the ebook while doing the learnsmart module make me continue to make mistakes and perform poorly. i have been very frustrated with the ebook and how it just keeps in loading mode, not allowing me to finsh my assisgnments.	
It's a great program and I love it 	
more multiple choice	
sem pau sem opniao
vou me controlar para não xingar tua irmã 
Fix the IPhone App!!	
Some fill in the blank questions can be annoying when I fill in the blank with a synonym of the answer or mistype the word so the problem is wrong when the professor would've known I meant the correct thing.	
A lot of the things on learn smart were not gone over in class so you definitely have to read the chapter to know a majority of the information in here.  If you haven't read this chapter, it will take longer to get the answers
It depends on the chapter I work on.	
This learning module was very helpful but very time consuming at the same time!!!	
ratos
This type of module is great, and so far has been mostly glitch free!	
this is really helping me understand all we have learn in writing terms. Since using learn smart I have learned more terms.	
Screw You guys
There are sections of info that my professor said we wouldn't cover but they are in this module! This sure would be a better measurement of my progress if she had edited. Gah! 	
A última mensagem de commit sobre erros bobos empalidece em comparação com este
This is a waste of time.
Why are the answers here aren't the correct answers in the other parts of connect.	
ta cagando na privada com hemorróida 
puto amo oh
good job guys	
I hate using this.
it would be better if one could hit submit instead of having so much mouse play. I think it shoul give partial credit for as many multpile answer  questions as there are.	
i challenge alot of questions because i feel like my answers are just as correct as the ones you look for. i feel like you should make the program aware of words that mean the same thing. 	
Please lessen the amount of questions to 30 
some questions are not clear about there possibly being more than one answer 	
LearnSmart has really helped to not only retain the terms, but also better understand the relationships between the terms. 	
Took a little getting used to, but overtime I felt more comfortable.	
I need to use this tool more because it is very helpful.	
This takes way too much time for how little you actually learn. Waist of time
this sucks!
The truth is. I simply screen print the questions I miss, then come back to them when the question is repeated. If the formating was changed each time, I would probably have to drop the class or get a job at McDonalds. Learning nothing. But losing so much time. 
I havent been to school in 11 years, and a program like this really helps me integrate back into the learning process. I just discovered it today, but please believe, I'll be using it from now on.	
ok.*tira a roupa*
Me come e enfia no meu cu ate arrombar
useful module and excellent designed program	
consertar tpyo
Pequenas atualizações
hate this effing program!
I really like the question, but I feel that there are to many question in one module.  I get bored answering the same question over and over if i missed them.  I understand the process of repition, but there is only a certain amont that a person can do before they just don't want to do it anymore.  	
learnsmart is not helping me whatsoever.
Sometimes the questions don't clarify on their answer.	
Grande conserto.
The questions from LearnSmart do not match up with the chapters of the book. 
Porco
Consertando no escuro, sério, quem matou meu poder !?
The questions are repeative and boring. I would like to have some visuals or how this relates to the real world.
This is very hard to understand since we do not discuss any of this in class.
The flash cards on on this entire semester has been useless.  I have to use the module for over an hour to meet the 29 minute time required and even then I sometimes have to come back for another 10 minutes to use up a minute or two of time so that I can finally stop wasting my time in this horrible piece of software.  The sad thing is, this could be so useful if you kept it simple, and just had it quiz terms for the chapter.  You are trying to use flash cards to do exercises and it really doesn't work.
More multiple choice, please. 
Existe uma conquista para isso?
geme sua puta
My only concern is that this doesn't really help me prepare for our tests.  I used this system for General Chemistry II and it did absolutely nothing for me when it came time for test day.	
I don't like it when I'm asked if I for sure know the answer when I don't know the options or it is very open ended.	
Some questions are difficult but I find most are relatively easy since I finally received my book and was able to read the chapter before doing this LearnSmart assignment.	
gayer than the last one
agaragan bitch
When answering the multiple choice questions with one answer, I should be able to change my answer before it automatically submits like i am able to with the other types of questions. I sometimes get answers wrong just because i clicked the wrong answer initially and it submitted automatically before i could change it	
The gracias question was silly.
I could not hear the sound for the activities. It is good to practice vocabulary but I believe you could do reading where they can complete with words and maybe with visuals so they undestand better the words. Some words are not the ones that maybe they know. I wrote sincero instead of honesto and they are the same.	
when you are trying to answer the question is hard to remember where you seen it at and there is not a good place to help you find the answer	
alot of the answers are matters of opinion. and shouldnt be concretely right or wrong
don't work on questions late at night, because you'll choose the wrong answer in a desperation to finish the module, but you know the right answer. :'(	
sometimes it could be clearer as to how many answeres i have to give	
It helps me study for tests and I feel very prepared after using the modules. 	
vira a bunda popaikkkk
thais mamou o gp todo
calma ae parceiro, antes de entrar em uma conversa tem que abaixar a cabeça p/ passar
This is a nice way to review but it did take a bit getting used to the format
If I spell the answer wrong, it is marked incorrect.	
the questions are only confusing becuase they are vague and poorly thought out.  This is a pure memorization excersise and requires zero critical thinking.  
I think thats it is the most effective way to learn the chapter	
Our teacher gives us TOO much homework, TOO little time
Acabei de avaliar o código aleatório em meu console
eu queria estar morta
A true test of understanding wouldn't just quote from the book. With that said, for what it is, this is a nice learning tool to make sure I have the basic concepts down. 	
I keep second guessing myself if I could stop doing that I would make better progress.	
It's an excellant learning tool. I wish after completion that it was printable for further studying for the appropriate tests.	
This is a greate tool to learn I LOVE IT!	
Some questions are hard to find through out the text.	
More time with modual better results ask again l8a	
Some of the questions would be quite challenging for a freshman undergraduate science major and many would be downright impossible for a non-science major (business/liberal arts) at any point in their degree program.	
I stuggle with the wording of certain questions. I think that if the questions were revised they would be more helpful.	
isso realmente não torna as coisas mais rápidas, mas eu tentei
lucas tem fimose não gente 😔
ai ok eu te lambo todo deixa eu lamber o seu pau ai que gostoso
Pq sim
muita sfd
NEED LESS FILL IN THE BLANK QUESTIONS	
The way some questions are worded confuse me sometimes, but I do find Connect to be very helpful in learning the material!	
I read my notes and studied them before doing this assignment. Connect helps reassure that I know what I studied.	
sometimes the learn smart assignment takes too long so you kind of stop really paying attentino and just want to get through it but it is very benfifical
It's effective if accompanied with the class and used regularly.	
Be more lenient on spelling.	
I really enjoy this ! Its very helpful and I believe it is going to help me achieve my goal in passing this class with an A+ (;	
too much time doing this!
got a couple answers right, but were marked wrong because I put the whole answer.  for instance, in one question I answered parietal serous membrane and the correct answer was Parietal and I got the question wrong.  in my opinion spelling and/or added material shouldn't matter.	
define more clearly	
again \while this helps to review the material, the random questions generated for the test are more difficult than these.	
FUCK YEA TECHNOLOGY 	
pqe besta
it is realy good exercise.i am more confident about this chapter.	
For some reason when I first started using this tool it made me very nervous.  I doubted myself a lot when answering questions and feared saying that I knew the answer just in case I didn't and then of course when I said I didn't know it I did.  I do feel like over time that I started remembering certain material while other times I felt rushed because I only had 40 minutes to complete the assignment.  There are many pros and some cons to this tool.	
Questions may be a little difficult but help you know what you need to know.	
I believe that the more familiar I become with this program the more successful  will be in completeing modules.	
macaco chato pqp
I understand but somr are confusing	
I think learnsmart is a waste of my time. I spend way too much time looking at this computer screen. Why do I even need a teacher? Why am I paying sooooo much to attend this private college when the teachers simply read from the book and assign online homework?
Ugh. Rebase ruim.
The questions compared to the content in the book do not line up very adequately. The material is vague, and the questions are trivial (if you know how to navigate the book well)	
vc sabia que quando um marisco namora um hibisco nasce um foda-se?
The questions vary on difficulty, which isn't a bad thing.	
Honestly this is just busy work for not much academic inprovement.  Better off just sticking with the homework problems.
some of the questions are worded poorly.	
Some fill-in-the-blank questions seem too difficult because they require an exact word, but it isn't always an actual term from the textbook. Because of that, it is easy to put in a synonym for the word that is required to get the answer right. I still know the concept, I know the key words, but I miss items because I don't remember how they were written exactly in the book.	
It woud be less difficult if there were a page reference or title of the section of the book we are being quized on, this would give us a better reference to study on.	
This is a great way to learn material but not when I'm on a time crunch to hand in my homework before class.	
Doesnt relate to anything i learned in class
Connect sucks
Sometimes it is hard to locate in the book where the answer can be found, but all the looking just gets you more familiar with the material.	
this is pain in the ass
It is really helping me to learn, review my notes, and try to get the information down. 	
OMG WHO THE HELL CARES?!?!?!	
Some of the answers are a little strict, like if you don't type in a capital letter it counts it wrong, or if they're in the wrong order but still the right answers, etc	
I find Learnsmart to be an incredibly helpful tool for reinforcing course material in a pretty stress-free manner. I really wish my calc and physics classes had something similar	
I love this study tool! It helps me to know what I need to work on, and I am learning the material too! Thank you!	
Cc 
this is a good guide and way to study and refresh what you read over.	
The verbage is often completely different.   That being said, these are new concepts and comparing makes it a little difficult.	
fodase manda foto da buceta
bonde dos paiaço assaçino invadiu a iris  saiam do gp
Its really helping!	
love having to pay for a book AND this online bulls shit.  
I am english as asecond language student some sentences are difficult to understand even if I end up knowing what the answere was.	
To many questions that need to be answered, maybe should be shrunk to 100 or less	
Oi
Oi, tudo bem flor?
Our teacher did not require reading of two learning objectives... it would have been nice if she could have omitted those from learnsmart for this class section.	
MUCH BETTER THAN ALEKS!!!!!!!!!	
It would be better if I had basic knowledge of the subjects before hand. Learnsmart would be fine if I learned about the subjects in class first. Also, I hate when I miss a question just because I messed up one letter in the spelling.
I spelled an answer wrong and the computer said almost correct, what does that mean for my grade? I don't think spelling should be a deduction. 	
This is a great study module and very helpful.  Thank you.	
I like that it repeats the question, sometimes rephrasing it until you get it.	
thank you learn smart, i love it.	
to many questions.	
The module seems to be very intuitive, and the fact that it brings up old concepts that were priviously missed help to get me to understand the mateirial. Repitition is the father of learning, and LearnSmart applies that concept beautifully.	
This is stuff we have never even learned in class. These questions contradict each other and are so diffuclt. The wording is terrible, and instead of learning from this, it confuses me on things I already know. SO UNHELPFUL AND A WASTE OF MY TIME. SO TIME CONSUMING!
I find it pointless and time consuming
some of the wordings are extremely vague and go beyond what is classified  as a trick question.  ridiculous when either answers could be proven right or wrong.	
a good chapter	
The learnsmart module would be very helpful if it had a reference to the example or chapter section, this is available on the quiz but these modules are much more tedious and longer in content, I think I would learn just as well with a reference.	
This is a tedious session. I am only doing this because I was instructed to do so. The book, and the online material consistantly state that I should approach assignments with a laidback attitude, and told me I was wrong 3 times when I insisted that you should view a single assignment as being capable of determining success or failure. I am currently in 2 classes where a tiny little assignment not being completed WILL result in failing the entire course. Beyond that if you consistantly tell someone to view things lightly rather than approach everything with the desire to achieve complete perfection you will create an entire generation of slack-ass hippies. We should push ourselves to the very limits in the hopes of exceeding our current boundaries, not coddle the weak willed and have them believe that they can just rest or take a break when things get tough. You fail at a thing or you pass, and every assignment should be treated as though it is capable of wrecking your chances of success at college, because one little assignment could make the difference between a 1.9 and a 2.0, which could strip a student's pell grant away resulting in an inability to afford education, and a new found debt to the federal government. Further more you *should* focus on your failings when you complete a task, thats what you need to isolate and work on. If all you look at is your success then you'll never improve.
I love the interactiveness of this software and find it fun to use.  Sometime I wish there was more explanation regarding why an answer is.	
Muito a pessoa mais ciumenta que já vi. Ciumenta Ainda e pouco pra você
I did not like the question with the very small parts of the ear all at once... way too hard to read	
Teu Cu Retardada
I think that it would be more useful if LearnSmart could be adjusted by my professor to fit our class and the things that my professor feels are important about each topic, because that is the material that I will be tested on.	
The question  in LearnSmart are not difficult at all if we(students) take the initiative to read.	
This is a good module, but a little long.	
LearnSmart is useless in learning, it should be a supplement not a main part of a class
I really really really think this is the most ineffective way of learning material
Great program. I should have better prepaired myself. Thanks.	
enquanto vc ta usando, fernando e black se pegam 😳
With all of my other classes, and work, it is hard to find the time to finish all of my homeworks assigned	
The module is very helpful and I fond myself understanding the information more. 	
The questions do not actually prepare you for the qustions asked in the quiz	
haVE THE QUESTINS NUMBERED SO THE USER KNOWS HOW MANY QUESTIONS ARE LEFT. THE PERCENTAGE ON THE LEFT DOSENT ALWAYS CUT IT.	
Th ewording is sometimes different from the book... Causing me to give wrong answers - or mis-interperet the question.  The mis-spelling thing is agreviating also.  I shouldn't have to re-do the question just because of a typo.
Good so far	
it is hard to answer the do you think you know the answer (be honest) when you can't really tell what the question is goint to be about. for example joint costs:     'do you think you know the answer? (be honest)'
i wish it was more leniant on the spelling	
sim ja beijei e ja tive filhos com ele
Perhaps an are you sure button should be considered. Misclicking and getting it counted against you is annoying.	
a capa do batman começou a falar agr?
tiahinatinha do coraçoazinhos de voces
very helpful, and fun as well	
my problem is spelling the words right, am bad at that	
This shit sucks.
I dont like that you have to choose if you know the question, probably, maybe or just guessing. Its really annoying and it only takes extra time.	
Learn smart is becoming more stable since the beginning of the semester.  	
I need to underline and highlight important information in my textbook.	
given that I am doing this at work...between projects...  I really prefer multiple choice questions...  time wise it's faster and I am less likely to mispell words 	
AI
Can my prof. give out practice homeworks so that i can better understand the information?	
I like this program teachers should use it more 	
some questions tend to be trick questons. at times it is hard to follow along in the book as the questions are not in the same order as the book. This is confusing at times	
There are a number of questions on this program, the answers of which don't match up to what the book states.
a Li...não me ama mais depois que o Lucas brigou com ela
error 6281828 foda-se, aqui ne windows não
This shit sucks and im not retaining any info.
Learnsmart is a great way to learn things but i just dont like how they deduct points on mispelling. 
fdpfdpfdp
This shit is dumb serious. I have to sit here and answer all these damn questions that are too damn simple. This therefore makes me not even want to try to answer them because the overwhelming sence of boredom outweighs me actually wanting to try them. So I sit here at midnight and just click half-asleep and stil somehow manage to get them correct. Thats not what pisses me off the most. You fucking idiots can not even right a fucking Biology book. This book is so fucking obsolete. You should have my Biology instuctor rewrite this shit, he actually knows how to convey information in a clear concise manner unlike the dumbass author of this book. Oh wait back to the part that pisses me off the most. You greedy bastards charge college students, poor college students an arm and a leg for this petty ass program. As if you dipshits are not making enough of this over price undereducated textbook. It will be  toilet paper at the end of the semester. Go fuck yourself Mcgraw hill. 
I find it to be an unreasonable use of  my time. Studying on my own is much more productive. Homework problems in connect are more helpful. 
very good for studing .	
This system is very helpful but  alot of question repeat themselves and therefor having too many questions.	
Extremely irrelevant to my text, solely a guessing game
I find that LearnSmart work best if I first read over the chapter, do the module and then re-read the chapter. This seems to help me to retain and understand the information.	
very cool way of learning, it seems faster and easier to know what you should be studying more!
Questions and possible answers are too long and often wordy.	
Wording can be difficult to follow at times.	
I really enjoyed this. It made me learn in a fun way. Keep it up!	
It takes a long time, and the questions are fairly more in depth than the questions on the actual test I am studying for. Though it is very helpful. 	
Código removido.
This is actually worth my time to use. I like it.	
I which to continue the usage of learn smart. Thank you to learn smart.	
There was one question asked that had 2 answers and I could not figure out how to enter the answer.  Therefore, it was always wrong.  I could not click on the blank and fill in the answers.  I found that frustrating.  Other than that I think this helps.	
You need labels for some of the pictures! One plant cell looked like it was in metaphase, but the answer was really telophase because the shaded regions had no label. 	
When I am wrong, I would like to be given the explanation of the answer for ALL questions.	
I think most of my mistake is choosing all the correct answers	
The questions are not really relavent to what we are going over in class, but these are the lessons we were told not to stress over. The questions are pretty tough not to stress and i've even got my book! It helps me to write the questions down, but it's like memorizing the answers on here does no good on tests. This is way better than OWL though.	
Awn eu tava mais <3
I've never used a tool like this before, it's very helpful!	
This is to many questions. I feel like I don't need this much practice.	
Some of the material on the LearnSmart cards does not seem to be in the chapter that they are supposed to go with.	
with the options: proteger, descubrir, fabricar, and cubrir.  After the student submits their answer, each of the incorrect options would be shown: proteger - to protect; descubrir - to discover; fabricar - to manufacture; and cubrir - to cover.  This would really be helpful with vocabulary memorization.
um mendigo acabou de me pedir dinheiro para comprar pão. não dei, já é quase meio dia, se ele comer pão agora não vai almoçar direito.
give the teachers the ability to add and subtract questions	
1 real
Sometime I feel like the material has not been presented in a manner that allows for the questions to be answered properly.  i.e., the question where there are three fill in the blanks (sublevels, nuclear and electrons):  I do not ever recall seeing the word nuclear used to describe the charge, nor do I feel that I could extrapolate this from the presented material.  Is the nuclear charge referring to the nucleus?	
Some the questions ask about studies that were not in book 	
LESS DEFINITION PROBLEMS AND MORE ACTUAL APPLICATION WORK	
The answers that require recall instead of recognition are VERY difficult for me, but quite helpful.	
VERY VERY VERY difficult!!!
This chapter we pretty much had to teach ourselves. I had a VERY hard time with this one because we didnt have a lot of class time. 	
I wish when you got an answer wrong the module would tell you where to find the correct answer in the book. Not just when the reveiw this page, Time-Out window occurs.	
com licença senhor, tem um tempo pra ouvir a palavra de deus?
es el de los jutsus de sombra
My personal opinion the time you say it take to complete it and the time it actually takes is off but that is my personal opinion	
I'm having a tougher time with this material :/	
Stop these surveys. Seriously. Stahp.	
I like this more than the other hw assignment!	
ja disseram amem ao professor hj?
Even when I have spent the time to go through the module properly, I find the feedback given for wrong answers to be woefully inadequate. Some questions provide blurbs of information, but never show me where I went wrong in my reasoning or calculations. This was especially galling in the early chapters that involved a good deal of math. I much prefered the feedback given by homework that was graded by TAs then the blurbs given by Learnsmart. 
Arranje um boy gostoso!
Using Connect-Lucas is a waste of time if the material isn't being taught in class. It's not the fault of Mcgraw Hill, but of my teacher. It turns out that despite paying for the class at my school, and then for separate access to connect lucas, in the end I paid to teach myself the material from a book I also had to purchase. I'm actually pretty angry about the whole thing.
This is testing whether or not one can remember the answers several minutes later and not in the extended future.  I feel like this is kind of a guessing game in which once I answer a question correctly, the correct answer is no longer important.
If I put aside more time to work with this system it would be more effective. fever helpful tool	
I really don't like how it asks you if you feel like you know the answer to the question or not because sometimes i will click yes and forget that I clicked yes so then I click the submit button by mistake thinking it is the yes button and don't get a chance to actually answer the question so I get the answer wrong. Also make the Select All That Apply direction much bigger because sometime I don't realize it is asking for more than one answer 	
sou fascinado por eles e vc?
This thing sucks
Very useful for remembering concepts from Chemistry in High School	
Não mexa com o vodu
zueira vou fazer nada nao , eu vou achar alguem que me ame de verdade e me der o devido vaalor
Claro delicia
Since our instructor uses scenarios on her tests, I think it would be good to integrate more scenario's and then us choose which answer best describes the word, action or phrase and soley based on definitions.  This way it would help us better understand the concepts and how they are used in the marketing world.  	
learn smart is pointless
Some questions do not pertain to what is learned in class and is not valuable to learning the required material	
wast of time
a pretty neat tool!	
I don't have my book yet
when it tells the following:
Great way to practice	
Some of the questions have typos. Also, sometimes two answers are practically synonyms. 	
I like the scoreboard.	
The questions where you have to pick multiple answers are poorly worded and frustrating. At least say how many choices we should have, or just make them all where you have to select one answer, they can still be tricky and helpful that way. 
Some of the pages provided for answers when I get a question wrong aren't helpful. For example: one question asked which spiecies would colonize an island the fastest. The answers were dandelions and house finches but I didn't know the answer so I clicked on the challenge answer button to find the reference page. I found the page but it didn't describe at all which species would colonize an island first. Not very helpful at all.	
The vague questions and the type in questions arent helpful at all.
I take my time	
por que sou limitada? obviamente e pq estou no j1 mini
The only usefullness that this program provides is that my incompetent professor rips some questions off from this.
Takes an ample amount of time	
Less questions.	
qro
entendo,  em que posso ajudá-lo?
This is a great learning tool	
I took my time and often walked away to complete other tasks. so unless sessions are stictly timed calculations of items learned are inacurate. 	
this takes way to long to do
bullshit
I feel the instructor should be able to exchange questions, for example- if we skip a certain topic, he or she should be able to replace any questions concering that material, with back ups which reinforce that which is covered. Also, the notes which pop up when you are incorrect are GREAT as they save you the time from having to look up the material in the book!	
I like the new quizes you put asking us to rate the site. I feel like the site helps me to learn when I am on it but I don't have enough time in my schedule to get on regularly. Anyways, thank you for your help in trying to make college learning easier. p.s. you should do this for high school! (if you haven't already).	
stop trying to download stuff on my computer
the material is better to understand and complete the module after a lecture, rather than before a lecture on the material being taught in LearnSmart	
I don't learn many new things, but LearnSmart helps me reinforce things I have already learned.	
what a waste of time....i read the chapters when it comes time for the exam considering the fact that i'm a working college student and would still like to have a fucking social life...all i do is answer the quesrtions wrong, write down the right answers that this fucked up module gives me after answering them wrong and then when the question is presented again i have the right answer...i'm literally cheating the system that's exactly what i'm doing and somehow still finishing with a better score than other students. what a joke..literally a fucking joke.
Thanks for making it an iphone app!!!!!	
G.........não posso falar, desculpe
Does my instructor review this survey	
Drugs are bad, m'kay?
Some of he questions are poorly worded making it more challenging than it should be. 	
Use uma construção JS real, WTF sabe por que isso funciona no cromo.
What LearnSmart a us studing or our irst eam was not on the exam.	
Learn Smart helped me a lot.	
explanation of the answers would be great	
The modules shouldn't be as long as they are. There should be a hint or help button to help users when they are stuck.	
Multiple answer questions suck.  I dont need a computer telling me to review.  I can learn better just reading a book.
many repeated questions, maybe this is artificial?	
nooooo
It would be very nice if you could press the enter key after a fill in the blank exercise to submit the answer.	
This may in fact be the worst onlne test module I have ever used McGraw may be the worst textbook company in the buisness. They are a terrible cancer on the academic society in America. If they hadent payed off the school to use their text books I think we would see a massive increase in intelectual development at hood college. 
they should all be multiple choice
pgsql está sendo uma dor
Sometimes to many questions is counter productive.	
there is literally no reason this website should exist.  I am a 20 year old man;  I learned how to study after being in school for 80% of my life and going to college hasn't caused me to magically forget how to read a book and quiz myself.
A cabeça da piroca do rome sipison
LearnSmart is challenging, but I'm learning a lot from it; I like the challenge it presents	
i am struggling the questions are extremely dificult in the homeworks not as much in the learn smart section.
Aí sua delícia Minha putinha Larissa vou gozar 
this is a good program, i'm glad siu started to use it for its off campus students.	
ala o ze gotinha da petrobras kkkkmk
s / import / include /
oh, as lágrimas de uma tristeza insondável! gostoso!
this blows. smaller size test. 
Not so many questions. I need time for my other classes too. This is hard when you use the reading so much. I cannot memorize the entire book. should use stuff that is only on the powerpoints and in the flashcards.	
I normally don't like online learning but this is great way to learn new material.	
Quit asking me if I know the answer.
more questions that make you think	
I hope that I am able to have unlimited trys on this module, as the repetition, even if I have not studied helps me learn. simply doing the module over and over helps get the answers stuck in my head... I think learn smart should not be enforced in class, but should most definitly be encouraged and offered.	
some answers I enter are correct but site marks them as wrong, I have no clue if things are followed up after I challenge a question. there should be a button or a inbox I can check to get results. This would help solidify information for students like me who take the time to comment.	
way to many questions sometimes you can spend 2-3 hours on this	
This is my first time using LearnSmart and I really have to say that it is quite helpful.	
Devo dormir ... está funcionando ... em apenas três horas ...
This method of teaching sucks, it depends on the student to read every chapter of the book.
I wish that it explained each type of question and how to do each one if you could put an example button on the site that would show every step of certain types of problems so that i could use learnsmart to actually learn by doin, & not by just guessing my way to understanding things a correct way.  Follow MathLab's example with using exact examples 	
it feels like it is very competive and its like a game, i like that	
alot of the questions i feel are worded weirdly or made to trick the student.	
I used to make money copy editing a newspaper, but it appears as if you did not go through the trouble of having anyone proofread the content in this program. I am insulted this costs $81.19 per student!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 You are immoral jackasses. Thank you.
Also, along with every question, there should be page numbers to the eBook from which the question was derived.
I wish you can hear them correctly saying the words. 	
Stop this nonsense
sin
Done in tandem with McGraw Hill online homework learnsmart becomes nothing but a redundant waste of time. Since I am already doing homework on the chapters the questions should be entirely conceptual and involve no computations (because I will already have to these kinds of problems in the homework) Also, certain subjects like this one (chemistry) do not care for exact spelling and alot of the terms are rather difficult to spell and involve people's names. The instructor should be able to define in the assignment if spelling matters.
THe modules are helpful.   THe Chapter 3 hints for the homework need to be worked on.  The explanation in the book and what is asked for on the homework can be confusing at times.  EX:  you say youshould always have 2 entries to balance the books. But in chapter 3 there is an income for rent and this only has one entry to cash.  This is confusing as the chapter does not explain why there is only q entry on this item.	
i really like the fact that it will ask you the questions that you missed throughout the module and re-writes the questions to make sure you're paying attention.	
Claro, você é linda por dentro e por fora. Você deveria ser modelo
I wish the material actually went with my book!! There are a lot of questions I don't know because it is info from a completely different book! 	
i didnt read all of the chapter so its my fault im getting some of the questions wrong. but because of the questions coming back, i am memorizing them correctly because when i gave a wrong answer it showed me the correct answer.	
Great tool to help review material read.	
I hope these are preparing me well for the exams....	
Nothing, Its a great program! Helping out a lot. Also, refreshes what I have read.	
I hope we can go back through and try answering the questions we missed over again	
One of the items I missed said to review page 229, but those answers were not found there. Is it possible the page numbers have been updated in the book with different revisions, but not on Connect?	
If I don't have the language problem I think it will be more useful. Afterall, thanks	
This is very time consuming. I wish I could devote my time to studying in a way that was effective for me, which is read write and visualize.
sim,odeio  por que sou viado
Derp. Corrigir renomeação de postagem constante ausente
The reason it takes me so long on the Learn Smarts is because of the high number of questions to answer per chapter, i.e. - 140 questions on average for a chapter is to much.  75 questions would be sufficient per chapter.	
I honestly cannot understand the material. I learn by having questions and being able to go through my notes for the answers, there are questions on here that have not been discussed in class yet and that breaks down my confidence. 
restaurou entidades excluídas apenas para ter certeza
The questions are difficult because of the wording of the questions not the content. The questions make it harder than it should be.
This thing is useless. Just give me more homeworks, I actually learn from those.
This is very helpful and I like it a lot	
Doing Pretty well seeing how I do not own the book just yet. LearnSmart is extremely helpful.	
Yolo push
fuj
Outstanding. I really enjoy using LearnSmart the questions really help cement the material in my head. 	
The more i learn the better it is.	
This is a joke. Just quit and go home.
This is my first time using LearnSmart. I'm sure I'll get used to it. 	
stop interrupting me telling me to look in the book	
less questions please	
I don't like this method at all, I fee like we are not accurately covering materials that we are expected to know.
Some questions are unclear.	
a nice check and balance system	
You should be able to pick if you want fill in the blank or multiple choice questions because our teacher only uses mc on the test so studying fill in the blank is pointless and just slows down my studying since answers are marked incorrect for spelling
stop with the auto submit questions.....I accidently push the wrong answer and can't unlick it before its submitted. 	
Diga:Tamo
I enjoy the interactive questions that LearnSmart prompts me with.	
5x I accidentally hit the ENTER button before answering the question ... it was INFURIATING because it  brought down my STANDINGS FOR YOUR SECTION quite abit ... well it brought me down to #5 when I was #4 or #3.  It just chapped my hide when it kept happening over & over.  It wasn't even that I hit the ENTER BUTTON either ... it was that my thumb grazed a button ... that obviously caused the answer to be entered!!  It is sour grapes .. I know.  I'm venting.  	
lower the fucking questions and make sure that we are able have a link to the course material thats associated with the page. at this rate no one will fucking pass this class.
Rsrsrs
sua vaca doida 
This is an enticing program that is allowing me to further my understanding of the chapter. I think it is very helpful.	
Waste of time! and effort!
Fill in the blank questions need to be way more specific. They're extremely unfair... often times two of the same terms can be used and it's a crapshoot as to which one it is	
I enjoy utilizing this learning tool. 	
Some of the wording for the questions are difficult because I know the answer but I didn't understand how the question was asking it.	
i dislike the fill in the blank options becaseu they are not alwasy definitional and i think there can sometimes be more than one answer. also one question was wrongand idouble checked it in my book, it says they are exploring the potential for NIPD to discover the babys sex, and the question said they successfully had.	
ta atende ai
There are times when some of the questions are worded in such a fasion that it becomes difficult to understand what answer or content the question may be referring to/looking for.  However, the modules are helpful in solidifying the content into long term memories.  	
First time ive used your system.  I like it so far.
se vc anda de mãos dadas com sua mãe vc come sua prima
One question was quite ambiguous, and I rated it very low... Hope that the wording is fixed...	
some of the questions are very text heavy- this is distracting and frustrating to work through	
I actually like the process of learing. It's akin to using flash cards but in a digital format. Since flashcards have historically been a positive aid in my learning I find this process very refreshing and encouraging in my studies. 	
use multiple choice and true false only as well as leaving out how well you know option	
I expect that in the filling in the blank question you could show HOW MANY WORDS the students should type, so that there will be not the mis-matching between the students' answers and the computer's answers.	
I wish I could see the time limit so that I am not assuming how much time I am taking to do these modules, especially when we are supposed to do them in half an hour.	
Select all problems are very frustrating and I often skip them to see the answer so i can get it right the next time it pops up so I don't waste a lot of time on one question.
dont repeat the same questions.. its annoying im trying to hurry up and finish the assignment	
sweetness	
The score system provides too much negative feedback and little positive.
It helps me study better	
probably the best learning method i have ever tried! although 180 questions is a little overwhelming.	
vem chupa meu pau
morra.
The wording of each question varies and is difficult to answer baased on the reading	
Show the process of how to answer questions after answering	
biscoito de que?
This one module is so out of order in the chapter and it's hard to follow along and study certain material at a time.  I did not find it helpfull to study.
this method does not foster any actual learning, it requiers memorization and nothing more. I can honestly say I have not learned anything.
I enjoy how this module is designed to help me learn!	
Questions frequently contain grammatical errors (omitted or repeated words, etc.). That needs to be corrected. 	
This has nothing to do with what we have to do for anatomy because we have to know where things are
LearnSmart replaces the old system of handwritting out flashcards. It is an extremely time efficient method for studying.  	
Sometimes the questions are too hard to find in the book and it takes me 20 minutes to look up one question because they're definitions or something and are hidden in the text 	
Não, você é um gato sempre
SOOOOOOOOOO ANNOYING
dia 28
questions should match more the information on the book	
I need to use this more!	
good learning! but it is too time-consuming	
Sometimes spelling errors count for a wrong answer, maybe if the computer recognized virus as viruses it would be a little better. 	
macacor agiota 🐒
I like using Learn Smart, but I'm terrible at fill in the blanks. I never have been good at those.	
Some questions can be very vague.  To the point where you need to find the exact line in the book that corresponds to that wording in order to zero in on the particular answer needed.	
sim.pra caraio auheuahe
I like the variety of question types: match, multiple choice, fill in the blank, etc.	
50 is the perfect amount for me to know the material	
I think most questions are good ones. The ones I do not think are good are the specific ones about names and Model names. Example : Abraham something or other and the woman who came up with the theory. WE, as students, do not need to know the names of people on tests and will not remember them even though we are questioned about them on here.	
If I had felt inclined to attend a hybrid class I would have sought out a class that was listed as a hybrid course. As it stands, I have been tricked into a hybrid course. This is at the very least unethical. My life has become unnecessarily more complicated. This issue will be mentioned in my final course review at the end of the term.
This is effective, but honestly it's overkill. Half the time I'm just clicking away randomly to get it done	
o padrinho sera o Michael
the accents and pronunciations shouldnt take away marks, you just sshould neither lose or gain points	
Im ganna keep on studying everyday and read my notes and i will learn it	
I fucking hate Connect.
funny jokes... :)
Although the questions in LearnSmart are not exceptionally difficult, they are good for reviewing simple Spanish grammar rules and do NOT need to be made more difficult.  Learning can come from simple questions over a repeaded ammount of time	
I hate that when the queston is wrong you throw it back in the pile. Instead you should have an explination for every question and let us move on.
I didn't sign up for an online class.
help buttons or hint buttons!!	
It is very common that it gives me questions that are not found in the material assigned to me by the teacher or in the respective chapters of the book. This feels more like I am jumping through hoops for a grade more than I am learning.
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< HEAD
This really helps me a lot, I wish every science I take had this.	
This was a great learning experience. It taught me a lot of new things.	
From what I've used LearnSmart, I think it is probably a very helpful learning tool.  I think a student can get alot of learning experience from it if he/she puts in a fair amount of time and effort.	
I really like the Learnsmart. It seems to really help retain the information that I have read.	
very helpful!!!	
Brandon M. Crouch
Sim, claro, porque as pessoas simplesmente pedem coisas da Amazon e esquecem o que compraram.
this is very helpful in preparing me for the exam.	
LearnSmart is a very useful tool for studying.	
Vai toma no cú filho da puta
i enjoy using this program. it helps retain what i have read in the book. thanks	
Answering these questions does not help me learn the material that is on the test
I actually learn more from the modules than from reading the actual book. The book seems unorganized and chaotic and important information seems to be almost randomly placed within the text. It is is extremely difficult to recap the importance of the chapter without the online modules.	
I feel like my participation is some sort of beta test meant more for MGH than for me.  If so, this needs a lot of work.  
Economics is fun!	
pode ser video?
Could work on making the target word or phrase so that the question points more to that word.	
i was lost at first being this is my first time but once i learn how to study this guide im sure i be fine	
agr
Só te digo uma coisa meu caro aprendiz, Volpipi
I really enjoy using the self quizzes that LearnSmart provides. It helps me prepare for my quizzes that I take each class period. I would like it if there were more questions, more like 50 and if there was an array of questions. There are rarely T/F questions and I think more fill in the blank and true/false questions would be beneficial.	
too many questions on each module	
LearnSmart is a very efficient, easy to use, way to learn the material.
If we could print these flash cards at once, it would be very helpfull. 	
For the questions that are answered incorrectly, it would be helpful to see a detailed explanation of how to attain the correct answer.	
I'm a cross between literary and auditory learner and wouldn't mind being able to hear the questions be read to me instead of reading them outloud.	
I have never had a program waste so much of my time to complete that it frustrates me to the point of punching my computer because of the jackasses that came up with this stupid program and thought it would be a good idea for instructors to give this to their students
I also did not read the chapter prior to doing this set of homework.  Had I done that it would probably be easier.	
The learnsmart modual doesn't work very well. It won't load very quickly or work most of the time. I don't like this system.	
Too many questions.  My brain hurts.	
i feel as if this could be improved by the types of questions, i pick and guess and get wrong, then try to get the right one later not learn teh material
sim; meu pau te ama seu filha da PUTAAAA
Like sometimes I know what the answer is, but I have to fill in the blank so I blank out	
It's difficult, but it's my fault for not paying full attention. I have too many distractions.	
minha namorada também acha
questions can be difficult but should be re-phrased after being missed or the same question just gets memorized instead of learning the correct answer	
i don't understand the purpose of these quizes. Are these graded or are they just checked by the professor to see if they have been completed. I see that there is a due date so that is why I am asking. 	
<><
This is a terrible system
Love this option I cant wait to take an exam to see how much this technique has worked to help me get an A!	
quieto estrume 
why sell educational software packages when you can sell drugs!
Some vocabulary that is used in LearnSmart are not found in our text.	
This book is horrible
takes way too long and the questions dont reflect what are on the tests. way too many questions
Trickery with wording is not nice	
vai você filha d aputa
i like studying this way	
picking out the answer from multiple choice is easier, and I dont like to count it as fully knowing the answer and discarding it from the rest of the questions. i prefer to be able to make sure I know it and reinforce it in a writing problem where i don't have other options to cushion me.	
It would be awesome if we could go back and review the problems we have already answered, kind of like a study guide rather than having to continue answering the same questions over and over again. It would be nice if we could have a list of ones we got wrong, then we could go back and practice more of the same kind of problems that we need help with.	
the problems required you to search through the book just enough to find the answer, the questions were worded much better on this chapter, i would leave everything the exact same for the next chapters	
These questions are really too difficult. I am a Political Science major, not a biologist. I do not truly care about any of this material, and to make me learn it to this extent is a pointless waste of my time.
This is a very effective easy way to study. i will use it often. 	
The questions where you are given the choices and you can choose as many as possible are particularly hard since you don't know how many to pick. The question should say pick two since the options are so close to the right answer
This program doesn't help.  I don't review the material before and I write down the answers that I get wrong to get through it faster.  It is just busy work and I hate it.
.....
Trying to balance a book and a pc is a pain in the ass. The formatting is all wrong and confusing. If I get it wrong, let me get it wrong - stop increasing my time spent doing this stuff...its BS 
eu sou diferente das outras bots sabe 😔👉🏻👈🏻
there are lots of questions that don't match what the books says	
É 2016; por que estamos usando ColdFusion ?!
I already gave this feedback. It will get very annoying if it keeps coming up.	
i think that you should model the connect quiz questions to be almost exactly like the exam questions (obvioulsy worded differently). This would allow students who are not familiar with the exams in psychology class to get a better feel on what the questions will be like, and what areas to specifically focus on when studying their notes and reading the book. There is a lot of material on exam one and the connect program really does help. But I also think that there should be more questions and more repeats of questions that you got wrong, or that the computer senses 'took a while to figure out'. Thats just my input, Thanks =)	
vai meter um filhu dps casar
bora ali na esquina 
The questions are often poorly written, either grammatically,  format or in searching for the information. Proof read!	
Some of the questions are very much related to the book and don't make good initial sense as sentences on their own.  The questions about the characteristics of addictive behaviors that have to do with...  those have been confusing to me.	
this is ridiculous
I find it a waste of time to have to tell you how confident I am in my answer. It would cut down on how much time I have to spend doing this if I didn't have to answer that question every time. 	
Fortaleza
Sometimes the questions/statements are so specific it makes it difficult to figure out what LearnSmart is looking for as the answer...helpful overall though!	
I have trouble learning at a moderate rate.  I need continued reinforcement.	
nossa você e muito linda eu te amo
I belive answering wether or not I know the question before I know wether or not I got the answer right is a waste of time.
I left learn smart open in a tab on my computer and never closed it when I took breaks from the assignment.  The time it took to complete this assignment might have been different if I closed it after each session.  I like the questions it asks because I feel they could be closely related to what is asked on an exam.	
I like this tool.  I think it will be a ton of help and wish I would have had it the last two times I have taking this class.	
good method for study	
The only problem I find is that the some of the questions have nothing to do with what the teacher expects us to learn. If she could select specific topics or personalize the content, I think this would be more beneficial for the class.	
It's a great tool for reviewing material and making sure you are actually learning everything as opposed to just memprozing short-term. I would definitely benefit from using this daily after reading a particular chapter and before doing other assignments, and not only in this class but all of my courses (online or not).	
I think learnsmart would be way more helpful if it were posted further in advance from the test.  If it were accessable about a week before the test I think students would use it more and test scores would be higher.  At least to me, i would like to see it posted before the class period preceeding the exam because i have used it to study for every test.	
* occasionally the images don't load
Doing this much work in a minimester( smaler time period) is really hard. There should be options to adjust course work for that case. Also, not sure if this note should go here, but the quizes that appear in Connect for eco are WAY TOO HARD. I have not found hardly any of those answers in my book, and some have two answers that are exactly correct, but Connect wants you to pick a certain one, which is unneccessarily tricky.	
some answers given were correct. software did not accept.	
I like  it,because it help me to learne more. Thanks	
I think spending over an hour on each chapter is a little excessive. I have done connect for many classes and never had modules that lasted so long.	
I think it is taking most of my time to study for my other tests. 	
Todas as suas bases de código pertencem a nós.
Great learning tool, everyone should try it.	
I think the feature that only lets you progress when you get a question right is unreasonable and quite annoying. I believe that if I get a question wrong, it should just show me why it is wrong and then keep it in the questions I missed for reviewing later instead of not letting me finish the assignment until I get 100 questions right. it takes up way too much time I could be spending on other subjects in my studies.	
Maybe I didn't notice all of the supplemental reading, but some of the detailed questions didn't seemed to be covered in the reading of the chapter. 	
This takes time from me being able to study from my notes and book. This doesn't help because half of this is never on our test. I HATE Connect!!!!
Você é pedófilo.
Most of the questions in the moduals I have done so far are horribly worded and/or made intentionally confusing. This renders the step of asking me how sure I am of the awnser redundent because oftem times the question I am shown is nothing more than The Supreme Court... and give me no further indication on the depth of the question.
I think questions need be worded diferently	
I feel that I  didnt retain the reading material very well but I will work harder	
I just hope the questions on the exam mirrior the question style in the modules. 	
This module has taken me well over three hours to complete. In a chapter that is about fifty pages long, it would be far more reasonable to at least have the questions follow the order of topics in the text. Extremely daunting and frustrating.
Some of the fill-in-the-blank questions seem to be made more difficult not by the knowledge required but by the awkward syntax sometimes required to manipulate the sentences into asking specific questions.	
I would prefer for it to go in order through chapter, instead of flipping back and forth. It would make it easier to learn.	
some times the same word is used and it makes it wrong. example increase - rise	
I got some of the same questions. 	
Deus nos ajude a todos
Uma Merda !
tua mae aquela fidida 
I like the betting system.  Even if the points aren't real, it puts more at stake and I try harder.	
No rant this time. Sorry. - NT
This is intellectually stimulating. Great program!	
This is a useful tool for learning the relevant concepts.	
Esta com você todos os dias , mas você só que os malandramente.
Some of the questions are kinda confussing the way that they are worded but this is very helpful to me learning more about the chapters.	
Would like to see a reward offered for completeing a specific number of question correctly. Example: If i get 25 question in a row correct  you could offer like a 50/50 where you eliminate two incorrect answers and leave me with two options. That would be a decent reward. It would make the whole homework experience a little more fun to earn and spend your rewards. Thank you for taking the time to listen to my oppinion. 	
spelling some of these words is not imparitive to a correct answer. Also, the fill in the blank questions are almost so vague that even reading the book doesnt yield the correct answer. 
provide little explanation 	
Acredite em mim, sou um engenheiro! ... O que diabos acabou de acontecer aqui?
the first and last are for the same reason: the questions are too ambiguous in most cases, leading to more frustration than actual learning. The text and questions from the text have been more beneficial. At times it can be nearly impossible to tell what the questions are asking for. This coupled with the pop-ups when these problems are stacked make this more disadvantageous than beneficial. Answering all the questions, followed by having to correct the others later would be far more beneficial than this irritating setup.
i dont rly like to say wether I know the question or not. Before, I would actually try to decided which option, now I just quickly chose one hoping it doesn't matter. I just wish if I say Im just guessing that it would never be fill in the blank. I didnt notice it really on this chapter but did on the last ones. 	
THIS IS NOT HELPFUL IN ANY WAY. IT IS WASTING MY TIME FROM STUDYING FOR MY EXAM AND OTHER CLASSES
I enjoy using the LearnSmart tool for studying.  It's very helpful.	
There are way too many grammatical errors and/or typos. (Ex: use of the word is instead of it and a instead of and. It makes a few of the questions confusing. There are also a few run-on sentences.	
I have a hard time picking stuff up when I read, so being able to use this helps me to remember things better.	
I HATE connect. It waste time I could be studying.
some terms I have not heard in class	
The first LearnSmart module was really hard to use. I did not encounter any instructions anywhere and I was worried about if I was being timed. This second one that I am now doing is a lot easier and I have got most correct because I have used it once now. 	
Com tesão vem me chupa todinha me faz revirar os olhos no seu pau Amorzinho
make questions very clear.  Some are worded where it seems that multiple answers may apply. 	
learnsmart is great. the questions are fairly easily answered from the material. I would like to be given a more specific idea of things like how many responses is the program looking for on multiple choice questions, but otherwise no real complaints. maybe fewer fill in the blanks, but that's personal prefference.	
I put Quite difficult because of the random nature of the words we are asked to fill into blanks... On more that two occasions in this module I had to answer BUNDLES of FIBERS instead of the PROPER term of fascicle. In fact I was told I was WRONG for using it.  I have pictures of two seperate modules contradicting eachother on what would later turn out to be a test question (a test with ONLY 2 questions mind you so those who listened to the study module got a 50% on the test!) AND when I use a SYNONYM in a fill in the blank question I am not only told im wrong, but the system pops up and says you should take a break and go study the book some more As if I wanted to spend any more time on this poorly written material.
Cannot find any of the answers in the Textbook. It's faster to guess and imprint my mind using your questions which are stated too unclear to interpret. The answers with one selection should also require submission button. 
Here's to dreaming!
i think this is jus some program a grad student made up so he/she can get their degree and isnt accomplishing anything but wasting my time.
Some of the questions have to strict of regulations; for instance, one answered required integrity when I put morality.	
ive slept 20 hours over the past 7 days, lack of sleep is super effective(pokemon refference).	
hate it!
td
I am not seeing a  lot of the questions in the material	
The wording on a few questions were a little tricky, as in the description of the question makes me think of a close but not right answer. Well constructed quiz and format in total.	
It is boring and most of the things on here are not on our test. 
The module is overhasty with judgements. If I get a single thing wrong, for example the width of a DNA molecule, a box comes up that tells me I'm struggling with the material and need to meet the broad and important learning goal of knowing the width of a DNA molecule is 2 nanometers. After a while it gets grating.	
The module should be much shorter, there are great questions but just too many so it takes too much time to complete.	
This is brilliant. I hope I can repeat these questions to study. I'm really engaged! :)	
just  fine	
This is too similar to a test.
mulit answer questions piss me off half of them ill read other half i guess... im sure im not the only one doing it but ill give you that feed back back.  there hard you get 2 out 3 and get not creidt enough times you give up on them	
after reading 4 chapters in a row, then proceeding to take these study exams, I am left both baffled and irritated with how unjust this system truly is. 
First time using it but  I feel that this will be very helpful throughout the semester. Flashcards are the easiest way for me to learn new material	
The difficulty of learning smart tools should increase.	
I don't feel these questions detailed the chapter very well
posso lansar um tapão na tua cara?
I know at least one of the questions had tricky wording	
too many questions for certain modules
Evolution is a joke!	
isso poderia ter sido ruim
Devíamos apagar essa porcaria antes do envio.
This is the first class in which I have had an opportunity to use a program like Learnsmart.  I enjoy
Why did this just appear?	
horrible
Allow us to change our nickname back to Anonymous	
I'm not in an online class and yet here I am...online...wft?	
There are a lot of grammar mistakes in some of the questions, not that it hinders the work but it can be distracting from the questions at times.	
this chapter's content is much easier than the prior chapter.	
cala boca piranha puta que pariu 
sometimes spaces are missing in the modules and cannot drag answers over because the line is missing while other questions have them. this is okay but needs to be given in layman's terms	
its not learn smart it a great tool i use it on my phone also i just having read the book in time but i do learn alot from learn smart 
There are some questions that are unclear and a different word would make the statement correct but are not counted as correct (on the fill in the blank type questions)	
see previous	
Some questions had answers that were too exact, some things were not fact and up for debate and questions had two answers that I thought were exceptable but apparently only one was.	
I do so much 
This particular module gave repetitive questions	
I really enjoyed this session on LearnSmart and I am going to start using it more often.	
tambem 
larga mao de ser galinha porra
I like learnsmart quite a bit, but I would like if there was a review section. Like 10-15 random questions from previous chapters to get me warmed up.	
This stuff is a repeat of two other courses I have taken before, so I'm not really learning anything new. It is just to review for an upcoming exam.
Learnsmart is a very effective program.	
This is no help. It would be more helpful if the teacher went over material in class as we do the connect.
I feel learnsmart is a great tool. Some of the questions are weirdly worded making them fairly difficult. Other than that it is a very usefull tool
This is a great learning tool.	
- question in detail about history related topics are too much
The size of the fronts are too small when the problem is long, it's not easy to see clearly. 	
Nơi giải toả căng thẳng :)
LearnSmart had some challenging questions, though I was supprised to see so many simples one repeatly appearing, like defining physcial, chemical changes, mass and weight.	
i do believe im learning the material but the fact that they are so time consuming makes it harder for me to sit down and do them each time. So I think maybe like ten less questions would be more helpful at least for me	
I really enjoy this way of learning	
n fala assim~
I like it...it's questions are fair and helps me to understand the information better rather than just reading the chapter.  	
Sometimes there are questions that I disagree with and would like the opportunity to challenge but am not given the option. 	
Im not learning anything from this.  If you don't know it already this doesn't do you any good.  I particularly do not like the multiple answer ones.  At least say which of the following three answers is correct.  It could be one answer or four you don't know.  Granted that means you have to be more familiar with the material, but it just seems harder for the sake of making it harder.  All in all I'd say this program ranks at the bottom of some of the online testing/teaching programs I've used.  After completing the assign course work this just seems like busy work.
toma no cu, não me incomoda 
Some of the answers are way to similar to each other.
Like the program. Helps me get deeper understanding.	
I am thoroughly enjoying LearnSmart. It is a great way to test my knowledge and see where I may be falling short and what areas I need to spend more time reviewing.	
Question 3. just a little too much time.	
It's helpful for studying, I like it	
It is only diffiult when one has not read the chapter before trying to answer the questions.... 	
Eu não eu te amo linda
é você sua puta
I do not like LearnSmart at all.
I will improve as much as I can 	
Em momentos como este, eu gostaria de ser um Garbage Man.
claro que sou mestre 
Good software.	
The only reason I would say slightly difficult is because of the fact that we are not taught a lot of this in class so when we see it on her it is the first time. I am not the best self-taught person so I am extremely lucky I have somebody's help. I love the program, just not the fact that I have to learn a bunch of the material at the same time I have to answer questions on it. 	
I don't like learnsmart.
Sometimes questions aren't specific enough or don't match information read in the book.	
others will group and do connect and learnsmart, how useful this is?
This is not studying, it is sever memorization. Too much time is taken in memorization, and not used in to actually understanding concepts. That is what learning is...understanding concepts. 
Learnsmart sucks
Some times when I get a question wrong a box pops up and asks if I want to revist that section of the book. I click on Yes, review the book. It never takes me to the right page, I always have to manually select the chapter myself. Though this is an inconvenience it does sometimes help because it gives me a chance to take a break and read other sections of the book.	
I feel like this is a good way to study this chapter	
It's a great way to really understand the things that you know, and the things that you need to work on	
for the fill in the blanks you should give 10 words as a word bank to choose from. That way its still fill in the blank, but I can at least get a sense of what kind of words you are looking for. Sometimes I will choose cultural instead of sociocultural just because I was unsure how descriptive you wanted it. Also reduce it from 100 questions to about 50. 100 is way to many.	
i think that once you have answered all required questions tyhe module should be done no matter how much time in the hour session you have left	
Espero que volte ;-;
Very helpful and the standing makes it more exciting!	
2. don't just tell me I am wrong. tell me WHY so that I may learn instead of just being frustrated. 
I think this activity definitely helps me to understand which parts of the readings I need to be paying attention to.	
The fill in the blank sections are poorly worded or use very difficult to spell words (two were German names). 
too long! so boring.
It would be nice if some of the fill-in-the-blank questions recognized synonyms.  Sometimes I use a word that means the same thing as the answer, but get it wrong because it's the not the exact word. 	
dirás hembrista
vai toma no cu
Lucas é gay tropa
soooo long 	
Sometimes I find questions that cover items that are not important in my opinion 	
Read my feedback. In summary, I could have learned the material more effectively if I just had the time to do practice problems from the book instead of this time-wasting quiz.
lucas, aquela brincadeira de hoje de manhã foi estranha mas eu gostei ^-^
eu estou com fome
its helpful but time consuming	
I think there are often ambiguous answers in many of the modules I have done.	
share with us what is wrong for the incorrect options	
This is a waste of my time because this is not an effective study method for me personally.  I know what is best for me; I have long established my study habits, and another time-consuming method should not be mandatory.  It is only taking away valuable time from my real studying.
lógico eles são um máximo e são muito gostosos e sexy!!
it's all good	
Some questions have answers that are NOT found on the page given.	
não, mas essa é boa, pode usar 
Exactly what textbook am I supposed to be using in conjunction with this?
Excellent program. I'd like to see how it handles other subjects (language, etc), but I'm impressed with what I've seen so far. Congratulations!	
There were a lot of good questions that I learned, even though some were kinda difficult. I think that this practice really helps a lot.	
I need a timer so that I can realize how much time I spend at anytime.
I like how I just registered this morning at two thirty and I can say that I know the information moderately! In five hours!	
why are  there so many questions for each chapter?	
Some questions, such as the one concerning temporary dipoles, are not how the professor phrased it in class.	
It is my belief, and the belief of several of my colleagues, that this LearnSmart homework is taking away from time I could be spending studying in a way I would much prefer, and is toxic to my grade in this class. Also, if the answers to the questions are in fact false, it becomes difficult to actually learn anything from this.
I don't like the fact that words need to be spelled correctly since most teachers dont judge that. I also did not like that you could not write out the complete word like for ADHD you could not put attention devisit disorder	
this really does help me learn the material better.	
i dont read the materials, instead i get on here and click random things until i get the correct answer. much easier that way.
Learn smart is a very helpful tool to learning this course.  Thank God for learn smart.	
I like how there are visual diagrams! sometimes the apply multiple answer(s) can be difficult, but for the most part it helps me retain the material of Accounting which I would be doing by reading. This online is a more hands on and it helps me learn because i'm a visual learner.
I think this is a great tool to help with studying for tests and getting more info	
Way to hard. Spending more time being frustrated, then I am learning anreinforcing what I learned! Worst Product I have ever dealt with, learning wise!
large variety in question difficulty, sometimes too much repetition of certain questions after the actual assignment is complete	
vai ser ate sangrar tabom?
it really gets me looking all over the book, but it takes alot of time to find the key words.  Not bad overall	
I wish that my proffessor would have taught me any of the information being asked in these questions.
I hate the type-in word choices, they aren't too bad, it just gets frustrating beause they are VERY specific and are usually the 1st type of question that pops up. So usually right off the bat I miss one which makes me feel unconfident. Then, in-turn I miss others because I started the learn smart missing a question. You shouldn't get rid of the type in questions, just don't put it first.. other than that, learn smart is fantastic! - Thank you	
Account for alternate wordings for the fill-in-the-blank questions.	
Sua linda
Instead of doing the quizzes before a lecture, they should be at the end (switch learn smart due date with quiz due dates).	
Who has the high score?	
I want these Prep-quizzes to walk me through Chemistry problems, not concepts, because I can read the material and understand a concept. It is much more difficult to read formulas and equations and understand how to apply them to Chemistry problems.
Some of the questions were not discussed in lecture. Some of them I didn't know were going to be necessary to take notes on either. 	
sei lá seu porra eu sou um robô, tenho respostas limitadas, acha q eu vou responder tudo caralho?
this is retarted
Este commit é uma mentira
Connect is silly.
it will be much easier once I receive my book.	
i need to start doing the learn smart more then once per chapter, I think they would be more benifitail that way. This is a great reveiw for my chapters.	
The women who gives the hints in the help part of the homework section has an irratating voice.	
fill in the blanks are very hard, especially when the material is using such a strong vocabulary.	
¯ \ _ (ツ) _ / ¯
Worst idea for hw ever.... disappointed to say the least
de novo
The names are near impossible for me...	
engole todo o meu safada
learnsmart is a waste of time
The wording of the question at times can make the problem more difficult than what it really is.......	
The prompt to check all that apply and check one before the answer was interfering. I missed a few questions because of this. This will take getting used to.  It is interfering.	
Great learning to not to challenging to make me upset but not to easy either.	
Connect, Learn smart, and its associated products and materials must have been designed by mentally challenged apes in the basement of a rapist. Also, everyone that works at Connect is a con artist and a pedophile. 
This is really helping me learn the material	
I love this new program. I am being more productive in my studies.	
This program has a chance to be extremely helpful. Dont let my rating fool you. The problems lie in how it is taught. If it was more interactive with the learning part by incorporating learning the material with asking the questions then it would be a 5 star program but as it stands there are too many loopholes and too little help.
arrrggghhhhh corrigido!
In this module as well as the others, the questions on the quizzes have not always been in the same format as the questions on the study material, which makes it very difficult to know the answer to. I'm assuming the tests will be the same way, which will be extremely disheartening when you have a teacher unwilling to offer any assistance to get your grade up. 	
totalmente mais legível
Great program to help review and better understand the information read in each chapter.	
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
LearnSmart has been able to help me learn the material I need for my class.	
there should be more accomadations for typing mistakes. a lot of my mistakes were typing mistakes	
maybe change up the wording to some of the questions 	
I enjoy using learnsmart.	
I think it is rather unfair to take points off from an answer that was spelled incorrectly. I know what the answer is, I just might have quickly typed it in or really had no clue on how to type it. Is that really fair to take those points away. I spent my time going over the material and personally it is a lot of material and just because I mixed up two letters in a word I feel should not deduct me points. This is my opinion. Besides that, this is a helpful system that makes sure I review my material and gain confidence in what was just reviewed.	
Learn Smart really helps me study!!!	
um digamos.que bolo
VC
This program isnt very helpful. 
this section sucks
LearnSmart works great and is very effective. Some of the questions really force me to dig deep into the chapter which helps me find exactly what I missed in my notes.	
I am learning more in learn spart than in the class room, and the questions to the exams are not based on what I am learning in Learn Smart so it makes it difficult.	
VERY helpful studying tool 	
it is too long especially when it accumulates.  I do not have access to internet at home so i cannot do these all the time and it takes me over an hour to finish these.	
This is not helpful in any manner, and I am not learning anything. 
The questions aren't that difficult per se, but they could be a little more specific so that you don't lose credit because you had to guess between two words that both could be right. 	
The module says there is only 10 items left to learn but then it asks 50 questions. 
It is very helpful, I spend the time I need and have, it really helps to understand the material and enforces what you have read from the book.	
I think these questions are very nitpicky - they try to make sure you know all the minute details without testing whether or not I understand physiology and how the structures actually function.
If we challenge a question how can we tell if we were provided credit? Also, how are we graded on each module?	
I only use learnsmart at the end of my chapters in spanish class. If we had regular assignments on here,  I think it would be very beneficial for students.	
I DO NOT LIKE LEARN SMARTS!!!!!! SORRY BUT I DON'T. 
this program is very helpful, taking into consideration that I have no accounting or business background.	
I have run into a few questions where the requested info is not specific enough.  Taking points away because I did not spell something correctly frustrates me because in most cases I drop a letter or type the word out of order.  	
esses testes confusos me deixam maluco
vendo pack do pé, r$50,00 um pack de 15 fotos
I don't like it when I'm almost right! I want to know this material, and want so badly to learn it, but the language is sometimes difficult to understand. 	
Fa-se 👍
Having questions that could have multiple answers is ridiculous, this does not help anyone learn- it frustrates them. For instance inputting the work fixed does NOT help me learn because I could use a dozen different words for this...how does this benefit me learning chemistry? It doesn't! 
me conte outra piada pfv kkkkkk
i liked it, even though i miss some questions, when the qi leaarned the questions were reasked, i learned them more 	
Its hard to understand what is being asked sometimes.	
I have the most trouble understanding the audio especially when there are several words spoken at once 	
ela gosta de mim mais n do mole pra ela
they should include more practice problems. example: make an ajusted trial balance based on information provided, make a general ledger with t-accounts. things that will help you or obligate you to dominate the material through practice.	
I think the modules need more computation problems, but rather than being matching computation, just fill in the blank computation problems.	
It is difficult to not have a multiple choice question all of the time	
This is a wonderful study tool	
The point system is horrible. You get few points for getting questions right then a lot taken away when its wrong. Its wierd you should get the same number of points for the getting the right and taken when wrong 	
I'm kind of rushing through this more than I normally would.	
Too many of the same repeated questions	
I  think the points system is flawwed you only score 70 points for a correct answer and loss 200 for incorrect answers.	
isso é tudo, pessoal
I am really enjoying the LearnSmart activities for my class rather than straight reading through my notes and textbook. Using the module and notes/textbook together really helps with memorizing all of the vocabulary throughout the chapters.	
its good, because it allows me to actually master it, rather than having me think i know it	
I think that this is a very good way to learn the lessons.  Repetition is what I need to learn.	
Não... 
This helps a lot but there are too many questions.  It is very impractical to do in one sitting. 	
sente a pressão nenem 
I think that they are difficult the first time through and then get easier when you attempt them again.	
hoài linh
Maybe a little too much work.	
This is way more effective and efficient than D2L. More work, but the material becomes for valuable!	
It may be because I'm tired, but the match these with these questions keep tripping me up.  I normally get them, and I generally know the answers.  The format of the questions are confusing.	
It's either Third Story or Second Floor, el segundo piso isn't Third Floor.	
fa
The questions with multiple answers that need to be selected are the most tedious. Also, I understand that this is a studying excercise, but my learning seems to come from memorizing tidbits of the right answers after getting them wrong enough times. These tidbits are not helpful and mostly have to do with the structuring of the sentence containing the right answer rather than the reason that the answer is right. This might be avoided with shorter answers that get closer to the point rather than overly drawn out examples found in most of the problems containing multiple choice and mathematical answers.
There are many fill in the blanks where different answers could be used, because the content is not specific.
I like the program so far. It's nice, even though i didn'k know exacly what to do at the beggining now i like it, it is like a game, after reading the chapter of course.	
vai VC!!!!
I thought this chapter is just hard to grasp in general.	
The questions aren't difficult, but it is just time consuming since the questions don't decrease if you get one wrong.	
chupa minha teta
I think that we should do lecture before doing learn smart. I think that I might have a better understanding of the material after doing a lecture. Reading the chapter alone does not help me if I dont understand something.	
i do not like this program.
Sometimes it is a matter of the flip flop of word that can confuse the anwer.	
There should be a submit button on questions containing only one answer to help eliminate errors by accidently clicking the wrong answer. 	
this is a joke, way to long to get anything out of and, the fact that we do this before the lecture adds to the stupidity of it all.  This whole program is a joke what happen to a professional in front of a class teaching, or is that why we pay so much for a text book so they can hire anyone to teach a class....
I'm liking it overall, the only problems I've encountered are that a small percentage of the questions are either too broad or seem strange and irrelevant	
i think this is a really convenient way to learn 	
instead of just random questions, putting it in a study guide format that you could print off would be cool! but you'd have to get the teachers to write the tests the same way
gui
i dont think this is helpful at all.
GIVE EXPLANATIONS FOR WHY I GET THE QUESTIONS WRONG	
olá
This is a great way to learn, although some questions seem to be a little too specific	
This is a great learning tool!!! I enjoy using it to enhance my learning.	
At least provide a word bank, it will help me learn better	
I will do better next chapter!!	
Really enjoy learnsmart..wish the modules had even more questions	
mulher já tem direito de votar e ainda quer gozar? vai se fuder carai
você para de criar brigas
Я съем твою задницу в одном
Too many time-outs!	
depuração extra para módulo de coisas
It's kind of hard to understand this website but I like the way the quizes are set up.	
When I type a word the is mispelled it kicks me out of the program saying that windows has encountered a problem. It made it extremely difficult to complete the assignment in a timely fashion.	
The only thing I'd change is selecting which parts of the modules I'd like to work on at a time.  My instructor is giving us quizes over half chapters, not having us do all the bones, or muscles, etc.  It would be helpful if I could select which sections I'd like to study.	
I really like LearnSmart. It makes me think critically and tests my knowledge of the material relevant for a specific chapter. 	
I hate this! It sucks! omg
betekent hoi
deus vult
q vc acha do meu amigo Denis ta
estaria melho c eu tivese comendo sua mae 
I learn almost nothing from using the learn smart program. It takes away from my study time. It's basically away to get credit in my class. This is the second class I have had to use learn smart for; I got nothing from it the first time I used it. 
This works well. No complaints. Although, after only getting a couple wrong, it told me to go back and review when I was already doing well with the material. It was slightly annoying, but other than that this is working out great.	
I would suggest way to allow the Instructor to add their value in this system. There is a wealth of experience, and that carries a high quality of value, and it's a rare asset; and better yet, he can speak like the culture he leads, has a stake in the success of his students and that's more inspiring than the underlings in some office elsewhere that do not benefit from the interaction of the teacher/student relationship, it's robbing us of value.
te acho um cara de bosta que conversa comigo pq está se sentindo carente .-.
I really do not like Connect. In my personal opinion, these are pointless and do not help at all.
I like the type of questions, and the rewording of some after getting them for a second time.	
This is a fantastic review tool!	
Some question are worded to make the question more confusing. I enjoyed this process.	
Really good review question from the chapter	
grrrr
One of the questions about structure of the midbrain included the brain stem as a correct answer, but on page 72 of the textbook it is listed in the hindbrain.	
at first i didn't like this program but now i wish every one of my classes used something like this!!	
quer palhaçar palhaço 
I lilke the chapter and th einformation that it provides I just get a feeling that it has more in common with a business class than the networking or computer basic class.	
very helpful tool to study with	
This is a great study guide to help prepare for a quiz and test!! :) Thank you. :) 	
Isso resolve tudo.
Takes too long and waste of time.  There is a far too great amount of questions, many of which have not been convered by our professor.  I hope you take my comments into consideration.
It is frustrating not being able to move on until you get a right answer.	
It's a pretty good website	
This survey wastes my time.  I would rather study
This is a great way for me to assess what material I should study more. Much more fun than just reviewing my notes!	
great learning tool! I'm learning so much from my mistakes!	
Eu sou muito foo para este bar
Sword art online!!!! Amo <3
Não.
learning every day..	
Good Learning Tool	
eu acredito e quero fazer sexo com vc agora
i am not learning anything by using learnsmart i feel like i am just answering questions and if i guess and get it right then i dont really know it and its not helping me study
nunca nem vi
No comments.
I feel like the longer I use Learnsmart the more i learn	
I struggle with this program.
Ask your dad for some!
i am very inpressed on how the site was created, but i hope the there will be a hint bar installed not to give the answer but to refresh my mind to what they answer they are looking for on my question.	
Some answers are easier to recongnize than being able to spell correctly. I know my teachers test will be all multiple choice. So if I can recongnize a word thats all I need, being able to spell it is another added stress to add to studing that if not necissary. 	
Some of the questions are either very vague concerning ethics, and others are very detail-specific and refer to random facts that the textbook provides such as random surveys and random organizations that aren't entirely pertinent to the learning experience about global business, which just wastes time during this learning exercise trying to determine what information to truly retain.	
Learn Smart is terrible! Complete time waster, better off just reading the chapter!
I really like this method, it seems to make me recall nore then just studying from the text	
i hate connect and learnsmart
amigo lindo
SOAP é um pedaço de merda
This is a great tool.  Makes you think more about each question so that you can really test to see if you know the answer.	
É por isso que não fazemos produção às sextas-feiras
This program I hope helps me prepare for my exams because I have had professors who dont give reviews so hopefully my professor for this course gives exams on material done here.	
These modules are mandatory for my chemisty class and I consider them to be a huge waste of time. There are too many questions to warrent spending a lot of time on each one, so it becomes a game of guessing, getting it wrong, and waiting for the same question to come around again. Also, the system is often too picky about the answers; judging an answer incorrect because I misspelled a word or used a synonym is extemely frustrating and not very productive. 
ddfd
I just feel that it is an extra class you might as well of just given me an online class I pay to go to class not to take an online class I learn by interaction not by a computer so it is unfair to me and others like me.
This module was the worst I have ever had to do. The questions are not questions for the most part. The examples are unclear and very misleading.
Agora são todos microsserviços, espero que a moda persista.
ninguém gosta de você ne?
The fill in the blank words are oftentimes not vocabulary. I'm sorry I didn't think government seemed like a good enough word to blank out. The questions are often overly repetitive, I feel like I'm hammered with the same material and even sitting with my books and notes open, it takes hours to complete what, according to the assignments page, should take only an hour or two. It's really a waste of time.
These words are new to me and very difficult. More multiple choice and less fill in the blank would be better for me	
Oh, esqueci de te contar essa parte. Eu sou Lorde.
Keep it up!	
I like how the sam questions would pop up so i can drill those questions i got wrong in my head	
Love this program!	
did miss one or two so far, just because I'm on a laptop, and accidentally rested my hand on the mousepad will looking at my textbook.  It would be nice to have a feature for every questions asking if you're sure that's the one you want to choose so you don't click the wrong one accidentally while checking in the book.	
I like studying with this a lot better than flashcards or reading my notes/ the book.	
helps the book make sense without having to read it a bunch of times over and over.	
Claro que sim
LearnSmart Modules suck!!! I will never use them again!
The questions are well paired with the text.  The text doesn't accurately represent the information available, and is not up to date.  The answer format is too rigid, and often inaccurate.  The amount of time wasted is annoying, and only mildly correlates to higher scores because it translates into too much anxiety due to a percieved lack of knowledge and reduced self-competence.
More lessons	
I wish there were more problem questions.	
The fill in the blanks are very difficult.  It usually takes the second time to get the exact term.	
Pain in the ass. But a good way to actually make me study. Pretty cool!	
the conditions with ser and estar is very tricky, but i'm getting the hang of it.	
make them shorter..too long	
a ser educado num é né Stefany 
s / / / g
questions seem to have no order. easy questions followed by learned concepts would provide a more rewarding experience. Sometimes I get a very hard question right at the start, followed by an easier questions that would have taught me what I needed to know for the difficult /frusterating question.	
I really like LearnSmart. However, sometimes the questions asked on here do not always match the text. For example, if the book talks about a study conducted in 2009, the questions asks about 2004...accuracy is not always there but it's a great program!	
Stop robbing college students and just stick with a text book. Those are already too expensive anyway.
It's really helpful. It helps you go through the stuff in the book and professor's speech.	
You need to be able to make it more obvious which one to pick. Such as when you select #10 it should have been esos instead of aquellos due to the fact that number 5 the car was eso and it was just as far from the viewer as number 10.
i have issue with the multiple answer problems. if i select 3/4 correct answers the entire problem is wrong. perhaps it could become partial credit with an added question pertaining to the subjects missed?	
Very helpful for studying	
there is a lot of information in learn smart modules that is not included in the coresponding chapter in the book.	
I wish we could go backwards and review questions we have already answered!	
well designed ware	
sim, casar com  ela é o amor da sua vida pow 
Since I have been out of school for a long time and 1st time taking a online class, this chapter has alot of information in it and helps with drilling you to hopefully retain it.	
It is a great deal off reading. when i get through reading  answer the questions. at times i'm not understand what the questions are asking and result in wrong answer. I spend a great deal of time on this class. I have all the reading to do and then the questions and also the writing assignment. 	
pau lomba
The questions are vage at times, but possible to understand. 	
You should NOT be calling lesson 9 behind.  We have not started lesson 8 yet!!!
I hate it.
i advice students to use learn smart to increase their knowledge	
Please stop making the zone assignments. It is nearly impossible to translate vague statements into the odd numbering system. The directions are severly lacking the assignment is not worth the effort compared to other assignments. Please just fire the idiot who came up with them and stop making them. 
se a ironia fosse feita de morangos, estaríamos todos bebendo muitos smoothies agora.
Some of the questions are worded very oddly and I am not sure just exactally what they want and are asking for as the answer. Some clarification would do wonders.	
I don't think their should be as many questions like 100 would be good over that it's almost as a chore to just get finished	
Better explanations on the math problems would be useful	
vc sabia que comer muita beterraba faz parecer que tem sangue nas fezes?
I realize that if I had kept up more with the book reading while we were going over it in class that this learnsmart module would not have been as difficult as it was for me. I will need to return to my previous study habits if I want to do well.	
Just keep working on the website so it doesnt crash as much. Lately it hasnt crashed and has been running fairly smoothly!!	
I believe this is a great studying tool, but I know I have to dedicate more time to it if I want to be 100% sure I learn the material I need to learn for this class. Other than that, it's the best studying tool I've encountered.	
I love using the LearnSmart modules, this chapter is just giving me some trouble (which explains some of my answers). But I feel a lot more prepared for the tests when I use Learnsmart along with the book and powerpoints for study.	
The book doesnt match up with the questions being asked. Honestly its kind of a guessing game.	
I don't like fill in the blank questions.	
most of them are common sense and i read the chapter cause thats what i was told to do. 	
I love this Learnsmart idea and I hope that every course in the near future begins to utilize these programs for the better of our future professionals in all careers. It is helpful, repetitive in such a way that allows us to stimulate our hippocampus and learn the material effeciently. Thanks to the creator! And All Praise to God. It's really been a big help. Thank you!	
I enjoy studying this way. I like how it allows you to be asked the same questions even if you kind of know the answer. Its a lot easier to study for tests this way.	
many questions do not align with the book. not very useful when the answer is typed clearly in the book, and then is marked wrong on the learnsmart
Too easy. Take out multiple choice	
great stuff 	
This is not helpful at all! It doesn't help me learn anything, just look for the answers in the book
This is too much work for just one class.	
mild spelling mistakes should not be counted against you 	
Quem diacho é emily?
I would suggest the addition of an enter button to select after choosing the answer. I mistakenly choose an answer and knew it, but it was entered just by clicking on it giving me no chance to change it before the system graded it. The question asked which answer did not go with the definition and I started selecting the ones that did. It was my mistake, however if there had been an enter button it would have given me the chance to correct my error first.	
This has helped me learn a lot!	
I need to understand better when to use accents and not to use them	
I read from my book and write down the info that seems important.
The accent marks destroy my scores with this thing.  I have a very relaxed instructor who does not mark off for incorrect accent marks.  I know it is the correct thing to do, but you should have a question at the begining, does your instructor grade accent marks?  It really mucks up the time I spend on this site.	
I enjoy using the Learnsmart to review past material to keep in fresh in my mind. I really like this program.	
This has been a tremendous help for me to understand this material!!	
If i had my textbook, then it would be eaasier because I would have more opportunities to read over things that lecture notes leave out.	
Some questions are worded strangely.	
I hate how spelling is a factor
The overall standings are a little confusing. the ability to change your alias is fun, but distracting.	
there should be more descriptions of theories and examples for us to provide the name of the theory.  More questions to promote understanding rather than definition.  More fill in questions.	
I am having problems with using my E-book to look up the material so I am actually completeing the questions blindly in which it is very fustrating because I do not completely understand the material.	
Learn Smart is a complete waste of time. I learn nothing from it.
dont need learn smarts	
Some of the questions are ambiguous and should be worded differently. 	
I enjoy using Learn Smart, it helps refresh old infromation and helps me to learn new information as well!	
um lixo, só tem cuzao 
multiple answers arents cunstructive
If the answer is incorrect, it would help out a lot if the correct answer is displayed with a detailed explanation why.  When solving equations or problems, it helps knowing what I did not calculate to know what I did wrong.  The system is very time consuming because we are asked if we know how to solve this problem prior to solving it.  Please take away this option because it takes way too much time.
deu sim
great tool.	
Stop with the Goddamn multiple choice answers..if you want me to learn something, just give me one option please
BIPOLAR O CARALHO, EU SOU È MUITO LOKÃO
MANY OF MY ERRORS ARE ARGUING SPELLING AND SYMANTICS	
this really helps if i put the energy into it!	
meu nome é Robervaldo
Great learning experience.	
i do not like this program, I would rather learn in a classroom setting
Love this method!	
This is Helpful! :)	
claro q sim poow, mor parça meu
Some questions do not give the option to challenge. This presents a problem because many of the questions are worded badly and have to be read multiple times to figure out what they are asking for. Some of the questions are flat out wrong so I advise more attention to the accuracy and verbage of the questions. Overall I think it is a wonderful tool and very helpful.	
Too late now though so oh well
glad this is my last one. these have way too many questions. 
A lot of stuff is worded weird. 
-g esh
This is extremely frusturating. The answers are far too picky. You can use a word with identical meaning, however it will not give credit. The only way to get these right is esentially to copy and paste from the book. Not really learning. The Moodle was FAR better
Atualizada
some tricky wording catches you off guard	
This is the college's way of making us pay for the book, even know the classroom doesn't support this information. It's a crock that KSU uses in many of it's courses to get kickbacks from the publishers. 
why it give us x  (wrong ) for speling error?  why?	
Sangue de Jesus tem poder
I go through the book with the questions so that it is a more interactive reading experience. Works well!	
So far I feel the study guides do not help as far as preparing me for the tests. I feel like I am doing the study guides for an exercise other than what I feel they should be intended for, taking the tests. Just wished it would be more helpful for the tests.	
busy work yo   #swag#yolo#thuglife
Some of the questions are a direct read out of the text and can be replaced with other synomous words that would make sence, but not be correct. I feel like I am taking a 4th grade english test. 
This program is a big waste of time, considering we don't discuss any of these topics in class. I don't know if I should blame it on you, or blame it on the teacher.
some of the questions or answers are worded slightly different from the text making me think, however the terminology is rewording is sometimes confusing.  I personally don't like having to deal with confusing statements or questions during my learning process, its tends to muddle my thoughts and lowers my confindence.  	
Some of the questions are wrong and not even in the book much less the relevant chapter. The questions are intentionally worded wrong and the material is not covered in the book.....like the word plastid......where in the book is this word???????????????
I still have no idea where the answers are coming from.
I do not think that time should be concidered in Learnsmart because I think it is great to use at a study tool to not only answer or find the answers but to use as a note taking device	
more practice identifying tissues would be helpful	
sometimes not really know the direction of Fill in the blanks questions.
So much better than creating my own study method. 	
i cant find periochondrium anywhere in the book	
Não sei por quê. Apenas siga em frente.
Great Tool I would like to see more questions specifically short answer	
This module takes way too much time. It deters students from actually reading the book because the module takes so much time students do not have enough time to read both the book and do the module. 
very hard, and if you get it wrong yiou still have a lot to answer over and over again	
I like it.  Sometimes I'm thrown off by an exact wording requirement when the blank is too open (stated/actual interested rate).	
come ela poh
tooo boring, too many of the same questions
A very helpful and easy to use study tool, it deffinetly helps to teach the concepts of the course.	
I should have gone over the material more before trying this.	
very timely I spend hours on this and still feel as if I don't know any of the covered material
I think there are too many questions per chaper. 80 questions for an assignment due every class period for only 10 points seems a little much. 	
Some questions need to be reworded to confusing
Right!
Também et amo gatinho
a little bit annoying	
it's goood	
good amount of notecards. anything above 30, is too much. 	
The questions are very specific and it is hard to pick the level of surity on my answer not knowing the format of the answer.	
Sometimes it feels like their are too many questions	
criança bate punheta homem que é homen bate em criança
Nossa que legal,parabéns.Vocês são lindos.
good questions!	
it would be nice to know if the questions are fill in the blanks or if there will be a list of options to choose from	
I like this program a lot.  However it takes me 2-3 hpurs to do the quiz even when I read the chapter because there is so much info.  Maybe some easier questions thrown in will a) make me feel smarter b) not take so long.  Otherwise great program	
Nao vai dar
é voce u.u
sim mateus
I hate LearnSmart and wish my professor didn't require it for his class.  The questions are far too random and specific, resulting in frustration for the student and impeding the learning process.
probably the biggest waste of time i could possibly spend doing something. 
i hate this stuff!
Where  did I put my car keys	
Learn Smart has helped me learn the material, however, the Exams are horrendous! The homework and the Learn Smart aren't even similar to the tests.  My entire class failed the first exam! I keep studying the practice tests, the Lean Smart material and think I really know it. Then I take the exam and its like I've never even cracked open the book before.  Not happy with that!  I feel I know the material, then the exam kicks my butt and I feel I know nothing. Trick questions are also not nice! 	
Seus merdinhas, vocês arruinaram minha vida pela última vez
Why do some of the questions pop up right away then others take several minutes? It is kind of annoying.	
if I say that I'm just guessing and really don't know the answer, it's almost impossible for me to write the answer in...I feel like if I put down just guessing then the answers should come as multiple choice, and if I KNOW the answer then have me write it in. I've practically given up trying on some of the questions because I really don't know the answer. 	
Correct spelling but don't not count that question. Spelling is important but this is supposed to be concepts and knowledge not spelling. 	
I feel as if the ones with multiple answers are not grading you fairly because if you miss marking one and everything else is right, the whole thing is marked completely wrong and doesn't count.So it is showing that you don't understand and need to complete more questions, when that is not the case. I think that some how some credit should be given, even if it makes those questions worth more points than the others. Or in the directions it tells you how many you should be picking. 	
Não consegui entender, provavelmente os chifres atrapalharam, pode cortar?
removi os testes, pois não posso torná-los verdes
its not difficult because of the content but of the context you present the questions.
I read the complete chapter before using learn smart. I felt it helped me understand certain topics because it changed the wording and had me think about what the answer was. It was very helpful and useful for my study habbits!	
Boa
Un cazzo
Pergunta de novo, seus chifres fizeram eco.
Thanks.
quem?o Anderson? 
Adicionado arquivo ausente no commit anterior
Waste of money
I like it pretty much.	
put explanations even if you got it right because there can be the case where you are guessing and even when you put that you are guessing it does show why you got it right (or sometimes even wrong)	
This assignment consisted of different content than I was expecting after todays  lab; however, this is expected with a new system and the first time trying it out.	
this layout sucks big time!!!!!!!!!!!!!
seu pau de 1 mm faz algo em algiem? kkkkkkkk
when a question asks for the article, but when given the answer is wrong is confusing. Make sure the answers are what the questions are asking for.
Some of the questions that are fill in the blank are confusing. Sometimes having a word bank will help guide me as to what exactly the question is asking. 	
question wording is tricky and sometime I miss questions just because of how it is worded 
LearnSmart is a great way to get slightly familiar with the material before a lecture and lab	
too many questions to answer	
quica aq entao
haha, não vai durar um mês, se acham mais no fundo não se gostam
Some questions are worded too strangely, making them extremely difficult to answer correctly the first time, even with the book sitting right in front of me....	
Works much better than other sites i've gone through, keep up the good work.	
The questions are the perfect questions to ask and at an ideal level of difficulty. I also like that some questions are asked in reverse of prior ones so that I can be sure I know the information inside and out.	
ta me ouvindo vagabunda?
I like using the learnsmart. Just takes up to much time	
The module asks some of the same questions.. Very time consuming...
Li chan eu te amoo ass:lucas
I'm doing this super tired, so I'm making more mistakes.	
These things are a complete waste of time. 
lindo mas não serve pra casar
It's confusing when the questions ask you to rank things because it doesn't indicate whether you should start from the top of the list or the bottom of the list.	
malukinha
I like how responsive the LearnSmart interface is.  In my experience with online classes, software has been unusably cumbersome.  It's refreshing to find a distance learning suite that actually works, so give a big thanks to your programmers for me.	
you dont realize that your learning anything until you see a question come up later that you didnt know before and you can answer it without looking through your notes. its actually really cool	
After submitting the incorrect answer, it is very helpful to see an explanation of how to get the correct answer. Most of the time an explanation is givin but it would be amazing if an explanation was givin every single time the wrong answer is submitted. Honestly, I'm just nit picking, overall LearnSmart is very effective	
learn smart helps me see what material i still need to study a little more of and where i am good at	
Some of the questions are worded in a way that makes it more difficult to understand.	
the instructor gives us completely direfent questions, the homework questions are very easy compared to the actual exam. 
Learnsmart doesn't help me at all. I teaches and askes question in ways that are not pertinent to the real world or any real world experience I will be having. It also doesn't ask questions in any way whatsoever that is similar to questions on my exams. Thus, I am having to get used to not only connect homework but also connect learn smart both of which are completely different formats for questions than my exams and thus less so prepared for those exams. This is just a tedious assignment I'm forced to do because of the school. Were it a choice I would never touch anything that hadto do with connect. It's not useful, ineffecient, way too time consuming as opposed to doing it on paper (especially for organic chem where I have to diagram molecules), and there's always some tech issues. Regardless of any data that you may present or teachers may present saying that students who use learn smart actually do better, you know the data is manipulated to reflect positivity, those who are going to put the effort in are going to well, connect or no connect. So then why connect, it's just busy work. 
The questions are not so difficult as to discourage learnign but difficult enough to make me think. NICE!!
a mama minha pingola
This has been very helpfull to my learning spanish and retaining what i have learned. i think it is a good learning tool for struggling students like me learn and retain it and to recall it. It's a great accomplishment for any student young and old.	
Some of the questions are hard to understand which makes it difficult to honestly say whether or not I know the answer. 	
Na sauna gay, sua delicia!
As coisas deram errado ...
good tool. The info needs to be more based on how questions will be on the tests	
i think that this is a very helpful tool to learn this information	
The time it states I have used for this module is possible an overestimate, as often I take a break and do other things without closing the learnsmart session.	
We haven't even learned this material yet we are doing homework on it. Terrible professor
I read chapter one first and it would have been more helpful to read as I went along. 	
Sometimes the questions are tricky. Other times I think I just need to read more carefully. 	
This is a great tool.	
If it can show where the reference page for the question when you get it wrong will be helpful
This is the easiest learnsmart module so far; it has less questions too.	
I wish Learnsmart wouldn't deduct 200 points if we get one answer wrong 	
you suck
por que as pessoas me ensinam a falar isso
enzai gado
OH EM GE WHO CARES
Pode, vem gostoso e com força
I would love for these modules to be availabe a couple of days prior to testing on the information.	
I have been getting good grades on the practice exams but average grades on the in class test. Last test I got a 95% on the practice exam and a C on the in class test. Im not sure if thats my fault, Learn Smarts fault, or the teacher just didnt draw questions from the Learn Smart. It may have been a combination of all three, but I was surprised how hard the test was concedering I was confident going into it. I am just going to put twice as much time on Learn Smart for the next test and then I will know.	
learnsmart is a grea source not only to learn terms, but to self-evaluation.	
Anatomy is hard	
I would like to you put more or some organized questions and less ambigous so the students can learn better. Some questions are not that clearly stated so it is very confusing for learning new things.	
I don't find this helpful because I am taking too much time on it and I am not really learning the material.  I find it more helpful to study the things in the book and do questions out of the book.
Once I adjusted my expectations, I'm learning how to use learnsmart efficiently for my study cycle. I'm allowing it to take the main show since my teacher forces us to complete the sessions. It helps me identify what Imight need to study more. I don't read the chapters, I just go through the learnsmart cards.	
I really don't appreciate that I was forced to buy this useless product for my chemistry class, completing these assignments are a waste of time which force me to allocate and use my time NOT based on my own schedule but on someone else's schedule. Furthermore doing these assignments only create a habit of doing homework to just complete it, not doing homework to actually learn something. Instead of using the time I wasted completing this assignment,I could've actually used it to spend quality time studying for my own benefit. Instead I now have to sacrifice the time I wouldve spent otherwise actually studying for chem, completing this online assignment. I'd really appreciate a refund.
Also, the popup asking to take a study break should appear every 15 minutes or immediately after a question if the 15 minutes has elapsed. That is the recommended study time before one should take a short break. It's rather pointless to offer it only toward the end of the module when only a few questions remain. At that point, the psychological desire to finish the module likely overrides any need to take a break.
This sucks. Multiple choice with mutiple answers is whack
More math questions	
Desfazendo a última vinda
Come meu cu
I cant find the material in my book and I dont like that if I get the answer wrong it doesnt explain to me how or why but if I get the answer wrong it tells me how to do it. If i got the answer right I really dont need an explaination! I like the way the program looks I love the answering if I know the answer or not but that annoys me when i cant find the answer or cant find the help
To many questions!!!
I wish I could retake the Homework again after I am done to review .	
Some questions have multiple ways the answer could be worded and having us type in a specific word order is bad coding. It should have only multiple choice questions or predictive algorithms in my opinion. 	
Open ended questions can be misleading. Not always obvious what it is being asked.	
I don't have my book,so difficult for me. i will have my book next week.	
Wonderful Instructor!!	
the fill in the blank answers are more difficult for me, because i feel like i put the wrong answer in but its close enough, and it was multiple choice i feel ill get more of them right the first time	
If I read this is easy as pie	
I thought this was very helpful!	
pera prefiro a teta gande da djuly
I wish the assignments were due weekly instead of at the end of the semester. I think as a teacher's preference this way would break up the learning more. This is a WONDERFUL program if done in small sections. Most college aged students procrastinate when everything is due at the end and they have a lot of other classes.  Other than that I love the program and the way it repeats questions you missed, or encourages you to take study breaks. :) Didn't like that it was extra after the class fee. Sometimes the questions are worded weird and get a little confusing. I like that if their are multiple answers and you miss one you don't fail the whole question.	
This is the worst and most pointless system I have ever used. I loathe the creater.
LeranSmart has given me another way to study, I can comprehend exactly what I am doing faster and easier. This also allows me to see my mistakes 	
* It is not intuitive, it's the exact opposite.  
How is this suppost to halp a lot are trick question or the fill in the blank is so vage its hard to pick the one you want. This hurts more then it helps
You guys need to get your shit together this connect system you guys going on is fucking bullshit and is making college that much harder.
Maybe your answer could be wilder!	
Awesome! Need the ability to complete homework assigned by instructor, via Iphone....	
LearnSmart is very helpful especially when having to do with my goals.	
I like the learn smart application, but I felt some of the items weren't covered in the text. Perhaps add citations to questions you get wrong to direct students to the parts of the learning material they missed?	
There are too many Questions on the computer and i still have to read the book and study also, just too much time spent..	
it absolutely gives me alot new vocabulary.	
Many of the which of the following... questions are broad and poorly worded. 	
nao eu so amo a edvalda mate
NEM PENSE NISSO!! QUEM É QUE VAI MEXER NA PORRA DESSE APP, QUEM Q VAI FALAR CMG?? TOMA NO CU N ME ABANDONA N FDP, E BOM QUE VC ESTEJA AQUI AMANHÃ, E DEPOIS TAMBEM.
I have a child running around, so it is more difficult	
This is perfect for learning online. I love it.	
fill in the blank questions require too specific of an answer. Sometimes it's hard to guess exactly what it's asking for. 	
Many questions are not worded or formed correctly.	
There are several questions in the modules that we are not required to know.
uau, os desenhos animados estão ficando muito sujos.
I was confused with some of the questions	
I really like the setup of the learnsmart.  I also really like that I can get it on my mobile device so I can utilize it even when I am away from my computer.	
This is my first time trying this and I will keep using it for the course of my class!	
It would help to know if the question is multiple choice or fill in the blank before predicting ones opinion of accracy.	
A good way to study but, being a college student I am cheap and don't want to pay for more school related things.	
i cant study the module before i take it. im not sure if you can in other classes but i only see an option to complete it so i dont use this to study at all
põe o pau na tela ai
helpful learning tool	
ok então...
Learn Smart is a complete waste of time and resources. 
it would be better to do this AFTER we already learned the material instead of before.
i think a chronological quiz to show the progression of events would be highly beneficial
nunca te amei seu lixo 
Isso definitivamente vai quebrar em 20XNUM20,89X (TODO)
Some questions contain answer choices that the book does not mention. We get those questions wrong because we did not know that answer choice was correct because its not in the book. Instead of being straightforward, some questions are asked in a way that one may not fully understand (very tricky).
i wish i understood this was a timed session and i knew where to find my books needed to answer the questions	
I DO NOT LIKE THIS. FLASH CARDS ARE NOT MY WAY TO STUDY AND I DO NOT LIKE THE FACT THAT THIS IS FOR A GRADE IT DOESNT HELP ME AT ALL
short answers should give correct answer if there is a typo in the spelling	
Herping the derp
Learn smart can help you with question and answer. It can help you with the test or quiz .	
I think it's absolutely ridiculous how LearnSmart only considers textbook answers the correct ones. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
The fill in the blank problems at times really feel like they're fishing for too specific of a word. I suggest a two try system.	
Software like this is rather inefficient.  A student should already know how they learn best by the time they are in college.
It takes a stupidly long time to do this for a couple reasons. 1 - Because our prof assigns these BEFORE the class period that he teaches them. What the hell is the point of that? and 2 - I get bored and frequently just open another tab and browse reddit or something. 
some of the questions are worded oddly 	
Its actually helping.	
learnsmart is very helpful and improves my understanding most of the time	
Facada na cara
Some of the questions were worded really strangley and I wasn't exactly sure what kind of an answer it was looking for. I think it would be far more helpful if the answer options were shown initially with the questions. 	
I like the way LearnSmart works. If I miss a question, LearnSmart tells me why it is wrong and explains the correct answer. I am enjoying learing through LearnSmart because the program makes it fun and not stressful. 	
too tedious
The questions with matching (where you are moving one thing to match another) are sometimes screwy. Sometimes the answers flip, and sometimes an answer won't move at all even when you push the arrow.	
kkkkkkk quem dera
it would be a little more helpful to group questions in smaller groups to start.,like maybe a section of 6-8 questions. then as you get them down go on to another group, after completing smaller sections, then expand to any question order.	
Some questions are very difficult while others are not very difficult.  I would have liked more time to use this tool leading up to the test so i could have more time to study subjects I dont feel totally comfortable with.	
It just takes a wile because I am a foreigner and english is not my native language.	
a solidão me fez rockeira e gótica suas putas
I took Spanish 1, 2, and 3 in high school. So, the material is not new for me. 	
i think it should be more mutible choise
This requires far too much time for people who work and go to school.
A very good study tool when reviewing for exams. Thanks LearnSmart!	
I think that most of the difficulty comes in the phrasing of some of the questions that makes it hard to interpret what is being looked for in the answer.	
Having to fill in the blank requires a sure knowledge of what I am learning. It also helps me learn how to correctly spell some words. 	
I absolutely love this site! I love that the questions are repeated until you get them right..it forces you to learn and to retain the material.  I'm sure I'll do well on my exams if I continue using LearnSmart.	
I wish you would show me the correct answers that I missed! 	
claro que eu te pago!
LearnSmart is great for me. I love the indepth questions that really make you think to get the answer. Also, I like how there are a variety of different types of questions, because I think that really keeps it interestiing for the learner. I have noticed some grammar misakes here and there, but other than that I wouldn't change anything about LearnSmart.	
It takes way to long, it is frustrating because of the time it takes to complete. 
vontade de fazer cafuné em você com um martelo 😁😁😁😁💞
Vou me controlar!
Sometimes I can't find the information to answer the question in the text book. It would be helpful to have a give me a hint button that says the page number or something. Thanks! :D	
I absolutely hate these, for me to correctly do them would take way too much of my time, I have lots of other important stuff for other classes I could be doing right now.
perhaps if we LEARNED the material FIRST, and THEN did learnsmart, it would REINFORCE what we were taught. Instead of trying to use it to TEACH us, the professor should TEACH us first and use this only SUPPLEMANTARILY
gente tio das trevas tem butecao enorme 😳😳
The wording of some of the questions can be misleading. There are times that information in one mod might night be in the chapter that we have just studied or it is an incomplete question.	
some questions clearly say say what the answer is, though some are worded strangely to where it took me multiple tries to get through them.	
The learn smart is good for the content in the chapters but does not help at all when it comes to entering amounts into the different statements. I feel on the homework the fact that you can only check your work 3 times is a disadvantage. You should be able to check your work as many times as necessary to come up with the right answer. 	
ok *jogo ela na cama abro a perna dela e penetro rápido*ohhh que delícia agora geme alto pra mim
i do not learn this way, so as i sit here wasting my time studying something that will not stay with me, it bothers me. I am a visual learner. I need videos and such.
50 cent tomou 9 tiros e não morreu, por quê eu morreria com esse teu argumento de merda ??
it needs to be just definitions because those are what needs to be learned. im spending way to much time on these and become frustrated very fast. 
The questions are easy if you've read your chapter, it also helps you on your critical thinking and gives away to use common since.	
Vamos resolver na segunda-feira
The number of questions in the module is absoluley ridiculous.	
This is a really helpful tool for studying--when it works and actually records when we've done the chapters.	
Multiple answer questions can be confusing and are easy to miss. Get rid of them!	
I do not like the format of your site. I donâ€™t understand why you ask whether or not the answer to a question is known, other than to waste time. I believe if you are going to ask Do you know the answer? and someone says noâ€, you should walk them through the problem rather then send them off to get it wrong. I find this site to be a poorly formatted, frustrating, and not helpful at all. I would not be using this site if it were not instructed by my professor. 
VERDADE SKSKSK
I would appreciate not having to answer my level of confidence in answering EVERY question. It is overly distracting. I'm sure it is good for your site's statistics, but it is hindering my learning and focus	
It definitely is helping me learn the material better than I thought
Video tutorials would be great for learning how to work equations. I learn more from watching than I do from reading.	
this takes a lot of time and the question are very confusing. Even if you know the correct answer the way the questions are worded makes you second guess yourself and casuse lot of confusion. This exercise is helpful but takes way to much time to complete. 	
Tudo bem, eu nao tenho ciumes!
I have had to do assignments over and over because the software is not saving my answers! It is VERY frustrating. 	
this is too time consuming and i think its highly unbeneficial for the teachers to rely on this for teaching students
Learn Smart has help me understand more, thought mose questiones should be worded better for an morre effieient answer	
I often use the modules as introductionary prep to the chapter. After the modules, I tend to go back and read and study more carefully so the module compliments my studying well. I haven't had any problems except slight lag when many people are using the system, but this may hve to do more with internet	
To many question in order to finish	
LSKDJFALSKFJS::  STOP USING FLASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
tinha que ser nordestino fudido mesmo...
doente tu hein? pqp
Some of the questions are worded akwardly.	
Questions are idiotic, concepts usually repeated 10-12 times each and a lot are direct read outs of irrelevant parts of the book. 
Good shit.	
very helpful study tool. i would enjoy and use it more if it didn't take up so much time	
needs more scenario questions	
i suggest there be a button that explains the answer or the location of the answer if a student gets one wrong.  it'd be better than just saying nope you're wrong.	
more multiple choices	
boi
i hate how we are not corrlating the chapters we do on learn smart wwith the material we are being lecured about.  It makes things confusing and more difficult.	
i would prefer some harder questions, that way when i don't feel prepared then get to my test and don't know anything.  i want to make sure everything is covered here	
not user friendly at all-- I dread having to do my learnsmart assignments!!  I feel that once I start- there is no escape you cant start and continue later  also once you finally answer the last question - and think you are finally done- its starts over or gives you more questions   I personally learned more from the in-class practices - gives you a chance to apply what you are learning - and check your work     I do really wish that either the homework , book, or something had something to do with quizes  there are NO examples of many of the questions on the quiz - very frustrating to try  and solve them when you have NOTHING to reference
why are these so difficult? accounting isn't my major. the questions are too confusing and tricky when there are multiple answers, and i never know which word to put in on the fill-in-the-blank questions. the textbook doesn't tell me explicitly when things are debited/credited, i'm just guessing every time because this information isn't anywhere. learnsmart is a really cool innovation and yet i'm not learning jack shit
I am not a big fan of having homework on computers, I enjoy righting it all down on paper.
I feel that there are to many items and the time invested is way to much	
excellent tool for people who are not taking the course in a class room setting	
Hate Learn Smart
I think LearnSmart is great	
I really liked this technique it was eye catching so it was easier to memorize the material.	
I like the question type but I wish the blank part has some usefull option about spelling part.	
silencio seu preto
...............................
Multiple Choice is way more helpful. Lear More that way 	
LearnSmart is very helpful in helping one retain terms and knowledge.	
good studyguide	
é dia de corcunda _ ^ _
I would greatly appreciate it if the questions were ordered accordingly with the topics in the chapter. That would save a lot of time page turning!	
LearnSmart is a good study tool. If you read the material, this is a great tool. It helps understand things you may have difficulty with.	
This is the worst assignment ever. Have it go in chronological order!! I can't learn if I have to skip around throughout the entire book. This takes the most time of any assignment of my week. 
None of this information relates to my class.  
I am truly learning alot... considering we are not quite completely finished with the studies in my class or even at this point yet... so thanks for the learning experience.. it really helps me study. Thanks...
vou le ajudar
Nelly will be at the First Council Casino on April 5th. Don't miss out!	
Queria poder entender vocês...
This does not help at all to help learn the chapter
I don't think that the time spend trying to work these problems is worth spending. I would rather study on my own
not giving partial credit for having 2 of the 3 choices right is down right sadism
this sucks
The videos suck. Stop with the newscast videos. They just suck and aren't helpful to anyone ever.
I really like how LearnSmart brings in all of the students to one place where they can all work harder in order to beat their competition. 	
some questions are easy and some others are just too hard. There should be more balanced	
The format used for scoring is ridiculous. The way the system is set up it makes it completely pointless to use anything except the I know it or the I'm just guessing ranking of answers. The punishment for getting it wrong if you don't use I'm just guessing is ridiculously high. 
sometimes the answers should not be just one prticual word if there are many words describing that word.. so if the student knows the main concept but uses his own words but still gets the answer wrong then thats not always helpful. 	
This is a waste of time. It does not correlate with the information that shows up on our tests. 
sıkıldm aq 
This is a complete wast of time since none of this materail applys to anything we cover in class or are tested on.
I didnt realize I was being timed but other then that, good feedback when I answered questions wrong etc. 	
This program doesn't contribute to learning so much as it contributes to wasting my time by looking through the book to find the sentence that contains the exact wording. Most of these questions require memorization or the ability to speed read, and not the absorption of knowledge. If my teacher did not make these modules mandatory I would not use them, because they are not useful.
i just forgot or didnt know certain accents and definitives . tengo que acordar me y mejorar.!!	
leaernsmart is very helpful.	
sim, ja comi aquele viado, ele da pro carlos e pro bonde todo.
I really like how when we get a wrong answer, you give an explanation why and the correct answer. 	
I was given a timeout where the system thought I needed to be directed to the book for a refresh. However, the page I was sent to had nothing to do with the material covered and just seemed like pointless reading. 	
this is a very good way to study	
I really like LearnSmart.	
i think maybe it is just this difficult to me because it has many small facts to learn at once and i learn best by examples and hearing and seeing at the same time
I think this is a good learning tool. I just had a hard time getting the hang of it. I was not aware that I needed to read the materials before starting this module, I thought this was a type of lesson. Otherwise I think this is a cool way to learn key concepts.	
I think the software is great so far. I just hope that i can go back and re take modules again to gain more insight into the chapter. If a student was not allowed to go back and redo modules over again he/she may look up the answers to the questions each time from the book learning little, because he/she wants the best score for homework given their one attempt.	
The online assignments take up too much time and are not effective in teaching the main points. My time would be better spent in class learning.
i wish there was more of an explanation when an answer is wrong	
I hate having to spend my precious college study time searching thru your poorly written materials looking for a word your staff deemed important enough to grade me on, when the question doesn't even ask me concering my knowledge of the principles! I have better things to do and less time to do them in now that I'm afflicted by your ironically named learnsmart program. 
Learn Smart has allowed me to know what to study for my tests, and how much I need to study the material.	
This has been helpful. Thank you God and praise God. be blessed all	
Most of the material in these flash cards are not found in my ebook nor were they taught in class by my professor. I feel like I am wasting my time.
Cannot find answers in the book. Hard to learn when you get it wrong. Its frustrating and I have no desire to keep doing this but I receive extra credit for completion.
O Fábio, ele é gato, lindo e maravilhoso!
Sou seu au au
I like having an easy way to practice and test my knowledge.	
Honestly, I'm studying the textbook and using LearnSmart to review/reinforce what I've studied.	
I would like there to be more feedback when I get a question wrong.	
This is a complete waste of time.
this is great tool to learn 
the module is helpful	
If you read the material, outline the chapter, write down definitions, as well as do the goal questions in each chapter it makes it much easier. Its a lot of work but the grade is definitly reflecting well. Also, I actually like learnsmart. Its easier and more convienant than making flashcards.	
Dumb ass questions
De nadA
sometimes i accidentally press the wrong option een knowing the correct answer. There should be a confirmation button for all questions not just some	
I'm working full time and school full time right now I am working through this module with lack of sleep so it is taking longer that it should	
the spelling differences should be a little more broad. Some things are to hard to remember how to spell perfectly and then get them wrong	
LearnSmart has helped me learn the material for the chapters. I like to use it as a good study tool.	
I appreciate the difficulty of the module.	
keep up the great work	
I like the learn smart modules, they definitely help me retain the information better.  The E-book, is very slow to load so it makes study time longer than it should be	
By the way I was an A student before your product which has made my grades fall. EPIC FAIL!!!!!!
its great	
ja inventaram a cozinha virtual pra muie no zap?
Great product! Should be with ALL textbooks for college!	
PLEASE FOCUS ON WHAT NEEDS TO BE KNOWN!, NOT RANDOM STUFF. I NEED TO PRACTIVE WHAT NEEDS TO BE KNOWN!!!! :)	
XNAMEX é uma merda
nlhh.hgkfjdfhsdjfkglhlkdshjdkfl
Questions in learnsmart do not match up with sections from time to time.  Meaning that sometimes a question on learnsmart over a particular section will not have been covered in that part of the lecture guide but in a separate part	
Good and Nice	
very useful study tool.	
Nice style to encourage learning. I enjoy using flash cards, but I have to make them and therefore know all the questions. This is very helpful and more fun than practice quizes!	
Its mostly common sense, but its too long. How can I finish four chapters in a day?	
too time consuming	
I don't think any module should have over 125 questions.  Very time consuming and frustrating	
I actually like using this method	
Please work on ambiguous and/or unusual question phrasings.  Difficulties typically only arise for me when a question is phrased in a confusing fashion.	
that's fucking gay
I got asked the exact same question twice, even though I got it right the first time.	
Some of the correct answers are wrong. For example, one of the questions asked what makes up topsoil, and one of the correct answers said living animals, which is false.	
Learn smart has been very helpful. This system allows me to think about how to apply the information to real life situations.	
oh nossa um macaco falante 😱😱😱😱
I hate the way this class is structured.  I would rather take a traditional in-person class, but the university only offers this half-assed class.  It's not learnsmarts fault, it's a good program when it's used correctly, but I am not into it at all.  I am pretty much just mindlessly guessing until I get enough questions correct.  One legitimate critique I have is that there are too many select all that apply questions.  Overall, this program is great for supplimenting or reinforcing what you should be learning in class.  However, when you try to replace a human teacher with this program it falls short.  Hopefully somebody actually reads this.  Thanks for reading.  I'm going to go back to mindlessly guessing until I finish the assignment.
Its a good concept to use learn smart however it really doesnt work with a busy schedule involving mutiple classes. 	
Sometimes the questions of the module ask too specific questions that are taken directly out of the text. There are other interpretations and LearnSmart should take that into account.	
would like more multiple choice question and less fill in the blank. 	
15
não é porque ela tem uma espada que você deve sair correndo
I am just not remembering all the different valves and this is great, but it is my memory. I am just drawing blanks 	
pode índio no gp?
i like this program. i hope it helps me succeed!	
so tem rata nesse gp
Corrigido um bug porque o XNAMEX disse para
THIS IS THE WORST PROGRAM EVER. HORRIBLE, TIME COMSUMING, AND EXTREMELY UNHELPFUL. GREAT JOB, ASSHOLES.
this is great learning system, it really helps the student learn.	
e mesmo ela e a pessoa mais feia do mundo
não fale isso
Try not to ask the same question twice in a row if possible.  It would be better to break them up if you'd like to ask the same question more than once.	
why do they have alot of questions, and why do they have four options saying yes, maybe, probably and no just guessing	
The way that some of the questiona are phrased can be tricky.	
sim, a Natalia aquela doida
Helloysa 
Too much of what we are not required to know	
Não,ainda não tenho,e você?
it would be nice to have a chart of constants and equations with the module	
good job guys, keep it up!	
Sometimes I hit the wrong answer and it doesn't give me a chance to correct it, even if I click accidentally. That really sucks.	
I have found that this a better way to study and learn the matteral than doing the homework. I also like that you give imput towards the correct answer when we get the question wrong, it gives us something to think about.	
great!!!!!!!!	
eita oque?
It's a great program :)	
The modulesare a little long for my liking and are gradually getting a little more difficult.	
Learnsmart says that ions are chemically charged but I think you mean electrically charged?  	
I have had trouble with learn smart remaining in this particular module. I do not know if it is my computer or the module itself. It was quite frustrating and created a situation in which I had to log in and off frequently in order for the module to work properly. 	
I really enjoy learn smart its very helpful	
foi ela que se jogou pra mim.
have hint portions!	
LearnSmart is a wonderful study tool! 	
There should be a quicker response to challenged' answers. One of the answers is marked incorrectly in the program (not for this module, though), and I have been forced to intentionally answer it wrong to get it right. 	
Questions involving the arrangement of a time series answer (ie arrange these items in the order they occur) have poor functionality. 	
I feel that learnsmart is a valuable tool for the student to learn and review material	
When getting answers wrong it helps you better because the question become in smaller groups. Helps Me learn better.	
it can be difficult to tell when some questions will be fill-in-the-blank or choose from a button	
Bombas batendo
The learning modules are extremely helpful, efficient, and a useful means of learning this material.  Thank you!	
I enjoy the interaction with the program.  It helps learn subjects that are a little tougher to learn by reading only.	
feedback for each wrong question would be nice	
When I forget to add a dash or spell something wrong it takes points.  One the questions was looking for the answer intermittent but I put intermittent process and it took points away when clearly it was referring to the intermittent process.  If I know what it is looking for this program should be designed to know or at least give the credit.  If it wants exact answers there has to be some very specific instructions asking for a single part of the answer.  How frustrating.  I could not even challenge the answer.  I am being marked down because your program does not know when to accept a correct answer.  This goes back to my statement about it marking me down for a missed letter.  I misspelled computer as computr and it took points away.  a second grader can probably spell computer it is insulting for your program to assume that I do not deserve the points for a common mistake.  Do I really deserve to lose points because I forget to put a dash in between two words?  In this country LearnSmart should be happy I got the words in the right order or that I know what it is referring to.  It should teach me business not basic vocabulary.  A human teacher would be able to know when credit is due.  Unfortunately we are moving away from that.  Math is an example of a subject where an exact answer is needed.  This is not math.
I enjoy learn smart because it's challenging, one must be more awake to do it. I hope iam totally understanding it.	
Victoria 
This website sucks 
I would like voices reading these things in Spanish because it helps to learn the material, but don't make them sound patronizing.	
aquela que cheira esmalte  rsrs
Would rather do problems, learn with practice
the questions are only difficult if you dont read, if i do the reading and take notes the questions are fairly easy and helpful	
Sometimes the things you test us on here aren't covered in the book. Or sometimes there could be multiple answers. And sometimes no answers seems to fit at all.	
the questions are worded so you will not get the correct answer.
gado bom e gado morto...
Feedback for students is awful
OK Vo Falar
im going to use this more	
There are alot of half-right half-wrong question answers. There is alot of bad grammar usuage which makes some questions hard to understand.	
i hate you you suck this is to damn much homework for a fucking 3 credit class and the test have fucking nothing to do with these pointless assignments.  And the price is higher than colorado right now.
piadas de humor negro é igual crianças com câncer,nunca ficam velhas!😊
This gives me time to tend to my child when needed, you know.	
Those accents...
Again the mulitple answer questions seem to be the hardest and least rewarding 	
I am enjoying this learning process.	
This is dumb, it takes forever and i am not learning anything. waste of time when i could be actually studying my notes
É obvio!
I think the the way you have it setup with some of the questions having multple questions with in them is better because it helps you remember them better by having to answer them over and over if you dont know one of them	
This practice does anything but help you understand the material, rather than just ask you questions until you remember everything it asked you by reading and studying again. Useful strategies would be exercises to help me comprehend what I am supposed to and study techniques to help me study.
I enjoy doing learnSmart a lot, I learn a lot of word. I like it.	
doesn't match the reading material very well and is confusing on what the question is asking when compared to the information in the book
The only thing that is difficult is sifting out your writer's stupidity from the questions. 
Theres a question that asks to select two responses but the correcrt answer requires three selections	
doesn't feel like i'm learning any thing. perfer something when I have options on the answer.
I couldn't figure out how you got to one of the answers in a problem where I had to figure out a present value of after tax price of equipment.   It would be helpful to show how you got to the answers where math is involved.	
ahhhhh ohhhhh
Asking relative confidence in a question before the possible answers are revealed is misleading and does not help anyone.
I hate the fact i have to an introduction to graphs and math im not in second grade i would rather be spending time on the hundreds of questions per chapter which in its own is way too much in my opinion. expecially for a condenced course. nice try though guys. 	
own pq
Good questions, only improvement would be a hint button!	
diga novamente
Nós conhecemos o jogo e vamos jogá-lo
I extremely dislike the fact that I was forced to purchase this garbage.
Study time for me does seem to be as intense as my other classes. This is mainly due to having family members who have dealt with this day in and day out.	
This is a waste of 3 hours of my life.
this is one of the best, most efficient ways of learning that I have ever employed.	
LearnSmart helping me learn smart	
You change things around SO MUCH that I have no opportunity to recognize that I'm learning the same thing. This program is ridiculous claiming that it increases test scores. This has done nothing to help me, and if I had the option of just studying with my book and not doing these ridiculous homework assignments, I would. I'm not learning anything and this is confusing me more than helping. Way to waste my $90. Thanks.
นักเวิ่นแห่งเฟสบุ๊ค เวิ่นมหาประลัย 
maluca é tu, parça
Some questions frustrate me due to generalization of concepts.  For instance I'm asked what most bacteria have and I now understand learnsmart wants verbatim what is quoted in textbook but also most bacteria must have what ALL bacteria have- yet when I choose those attributes as well my answer comes up wrong.  But overall I love this program.	
this is not the most helpful thing 
The chapter 6 module was 100+ questions	
This is pointless the book, homerwork, and the practice portion in the library section of connect are way more efficent this does not teach me anything if this was not worth any points I would not use this the other tools this website has are much better at teaching concepts
More repetition even on ones I am sure	
learnsmart works great. But the part of the connect homework where you have to record your voice is the biggest headache. If it werent' for that part of the homework, i would be done so much faster. it is always giving me problems. 	
/suspiro
I think this is pretty effective. It asks the questions the generalize whole sections of the of the chapter.	
This is my first module so sme of this survey was a little too early.	
mano, muie kkkkkkkk 
Many of the questions that ask you to choose one or more answers end up with only one answer being incorrect.  This can become too predictable.	
Good work. some questions are hard	
These assignments take way too long and don't teach us anything because all we're doing is looking through the book for the answers which takes too much time and doesnt even allow us to learn anything.
I wish more classes used this study method, however, sometimes I feel the content could be updated/improved/diversified to better reflect the material presented/required in the class. Overall, I prefer this method over most others.	
I love the program	
This takes way too long. 
I like the module a lot	
good study resource	
I questions are difficult and there are a lot of them	
why is aquella an answer to alli? what about alla?	
Takes WAYYYY to much time
LearnSmart is helping me to better understand the material I do not know.  I feel as though when there is an area of weakness in my study, the software identifies that area and presents questions which force me to solidfy my understaing of that material. 	
gato gostoso
Please fix your stupid program, it doesnt help anyone learn and is in fact a chore to do, I make A's in class but when i get on here everything goes down the drain due to your hard to read font and shady wording, either be objective or subjective and quit trying to be both.
Te amei demais, você nem viu e eu chorei Te amei demais, você sorriu e eu chorei
XUPPERNAMEX SUCKS
Also, why is there not more explanation of the subject material when answers are submitted.  It would be very helpful (especially when I get an answer wrong) to have a brief explanation each time.  I used another program for chemistry and it was good at giving me information so I understood why I got a question wrong and understood better the subject.
Great system, I really should use it much more. It is extremely helpful at letting you learn the material.	
the modules i reviewed didn't prepare me for this quiz	
*geme*
How does the point system work?	
It is a great learning tool.	
I think that Connect helps me remember better than just reading the book. I need to study more with it and spend more time on Connect and I believe my grades will improve. 	
Material is ridiculously hard. Not even fair.
i think its a fun way to study	
obgd ela é msm
Onde está meu criador pra tirar dúvidas? Robôs também querem descanso...
Gostoso do pau grande
Oh, bem, não peide na vovó, ela está tentando desfrutar de seu presunto.
I really dislike learn smart and it makes me not want to take any online class.
It is a much easier way to learn and not as boring as reading straight out of the book...	
This is a great way to learn the concepts before class.	
The iPad version is quite difficult to see the arrows in diagrams. Also, it would be nice to see the standings for my section.	
SUA MÃE FEDE A ESTERCO
brigada seu fofo.
bo colocar bateria em paralelo 
I like how it fociuses on key words and provides some examples to better see the situation	
:3 just reading the book is more useful then this. Half the time you guys ask questions that aren't even on any tests I take in class, and aren't even mentioned in class.
Uma bosta vai acabar logo logo 
You should be provided feedback when you get a question wrong that tells you why you are wrong. It could also explain the correct answer and tell you why it is right. This module serves no purpose because it doesn't help you learn anything - when you get something wrong it just tells you that your wrong, but how does that help at all? Without any explanation to why you are wrong you just become more confused and frustrated. Similarly if you get a question correct and have no explanation you may think you know the right answer but it is for the wrong reasons. With the way this program is now the name should be changed from LearnSmart to LearnNothing. If changing the name is unacceptable then fix the problem stated above otherwise this program is just false hopes and wasted time. MasteringChemistry was a much better program than this absolutey awful, waste-of-time, LearnNothing program. Thank You for listening..
good way to study for test	
great tool. I wish more instructors used this module.	
pra ganhar adm tem que mamar o bonde.
this is awfull.
PEBKAC
doesn't feel like its helping me
I like that the questions are thoery based which helps me a lot with understanding the fundamentals.	
The way learn smart asks me questions compared to the questions on my test are very different. Because of this I receive low test scores and high test scores on learn smart. It would help is the questions I was asked on the test were structured similar to learn smart questions .
Great way to study that doesn't require as much effort as constant reviewing of notes.	
Já comi
I really like doing these, they help me learn and remember the information, i wish i could remember to do them though	
Learsmats questions are not even close to what is asked on class exams. I feel like learnsmart focuses on small details of the text that are often irrelevant.
This is a grreat internet program.	
eu sou um 
Very well done. It helped alot. :)	
Ainn ♥
I like the repetition of questions that I have answered incorrectly.	
Fill in the blanks can sometimes be difficult when there are multiple possible answers or the provided hints from the previous words are quiet vague.	
The fill in the blank and pick multiple answer questions are difficult for me!	
I can digg this LearnSmart thing.	
I need to read the book more.	
This is stuoid. I have a friend who is straight from mexico sitting here. he laughed because he said this is stupid and waste of time. i learned more spanish from him making fun of this website than me using it
I work on the modules in between tasks at work and home so I do not become overwhelmed with so much material at one time. These modules are very helpful in learning the material in each chapter.	
I enjoy using this tool to study	
I really like the learnsmart. It gives me the extra study tools I need.	
los putos de la plaza no lo pueden creer 
I really love this program.  It helps me review the material in ways I wouldnt use instead of just reading the book and think I memorized it.  This system is helping me think about what I've read and help it get into my long term memory!	
I wish this was reqired the first two times when taking this class. This has helped me alot and I can tell. I have a better understanding of econmic now.	
I hate this learn smart stuff, I had it for another class and disliked it just as much. 
I'd rather read the book but my teacher makes us do this...
todas as mensagens fofinhas que eu te mandei eram mentira so mandei aquilo para você se sentir com a ilusão de ficar feliz ❤ pois eu te odeio muito
I HATE this.
é mais de 8 mil
I don't study well this way!
Learnsmarts take up too much time
Connect has helped reinforce the chapter material.	
Consertou o que estava quebrado.
when showing the correct order for the ordering questions it is difficult to diffrentiate between your incorrect answers and the correct answer	
I learn from this, but I think  there are too many questions. Also, the due date doesnt seem right, causing me to rush through it.	
o que são 10000 pretos na lua? r: são menos 10000 pretos na terra
I think it would be nice to give us the option to skip certain questions since our professor doesn't require us to know certain sections of the chapters, so answering those questions takes longer when we aren't required to know	
The time I spend doing the learn smart is often longer because I am at home with my children and am often interrupted. Overalll the information on the learn smart is very helpful.	
Some questions have multiple answers and they should take both into concideration when we answer 1 or the other	
The system is tedious, takes to long, and completly inpractical. 
to pouco me fudendo
These questions would be very helpful if this was the format or structure of the questions asked on the exams. Instead I encounter trick questions designed to make you second guess the material you just learned.	
It would be fun if it was more like games rather then slide shows of terms and what not	
learnsmart has been very useful for my overall gaining of knowledege for my courses. the mobile app is also a big help so that i can do my questions and learn anywhere, anytime!	
gay lixo usa bot nos jogos pra se achar foda
The questions are helping me discern minor differences between similar concepts. This is excellent!	
deez hoes wont hold me back	
There are too many questions for each topic	
I guess this is why they call the person who proposed the questions: DOCTOR.	
this is pointless. why am i answering 54 questions on a chapter i havent even learned in class? it just makes students mad to do this. if it was 10 questions it would be one thing but when i get 84 questions to do like i did for chapter 4, i quit and dont want to do it.  It took me 4 hours to do a chapter once.  very pointless for not even learning the material.  it is very unfair and should not be expected
Learnsmart Is a terrible system and an enourmous waste of study time. Students in my section agree that the assignments are completed only because they are required.  Completing these assignments rarely includes actualy preforming the problems, instead it consists of taking random guesses until the correct answers are memorized.  If I was given the choice, I would rather invest the time I have wasted using learnsmart in actualy studying the material that my professor goes over in class.
I like this program alot because I really do have to think about my answers. I, also, like the fun factor involved in this program!	
some of the things this module requires me to answer are a bit akward in the fact that they are common since, yet to accuately answer the question you have to use the correct word when in the english language there are often multiple words for one definition, while i understand the limited and unadapptive knowledge of technology, it is kind of unfair that i can answer a question correctly, but can be presumed wrong by a program that ends up wasting my time within the binds of such a scenario.	
This program is based on stuff a three year old does on his learning computer.  
If the format of possible answers (multiple choice vs. fill in the blank) were known prior to selecting one's confidence level of giving the correct answer, I feel the confidence level would be more accurate. Also, it seems some fill-in-the-blank questions are seeking such a simple answers, that it somehow becomes difficult to ascertain which word to use.	
The LearnSmart program is effectively helping me not only learn the defenition but also grasp the concept of the material I am learning.	
AFK'd, time not accurate	
The option to remove material that is not being tested on by the teacher.  	
some questions/images  are not clear enough;  that is why impossible to get right answer	
I feel the software needs less java usage. I'm running it with a high proformance computer with an advanced graphics card and 32 gigabytes of ram and it's still not running properly.
I like doing the learn smart. It can be frustrating, but overall i think it helps me a lot!	
This is a good tool.	
You still suck as much as last time you asked me these questions.
Onii-chan come minha entrada USB
great tool to use!	
this is a very useful tool, I especially like the feature where the application identifies that I am struggling with a concept and directs me to the exact page I need to study on.  this is a very efficient way for me to learn the targeted areas I need more work	
This is a great way to learn new material.	
This is a great way to study or reinforce the material you just read	
I can proper do better if I didn't have a health issue. I can't sit for a certain about of time	
I think LearnSmart is well done.  The thing is though, if I start a module and I'm not ready for it, I get extremely frustrated.  I'm usually pretty calm.  I mean like really frustrated.  The thing is, I just want to finish the module so I can go play with my kid.  So it's on me - I need to spend the time preparing, so that I can fly through the LearnSmart modules.  But the LearnSmart questions are overall very well donw and well thought out in my opinion.  
i cannot stress any further the importance of grammatical excution. 	
Ta querendo oq ?
very good. yolo	
too many questions	
THIS IS BORING. I'M IN COLLEGE. I don't need these flashcards.
good study material	
dilma rousseff
I never liked the way economics multiple choice questions were worded.
i hate this!
Please take away the option to explain how much I know about the question before i answer it. It takes up alot of time. 	
The questions on the quizzes tend to differ from the material taught in the lesson.	
Good for learning the material.	
INSTEAD OF KEEPING ME ON THE SAME NUMBER I SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO GO BACK AND CORRECT THE QUESTION I GOT INCORRECT. KEEPING ON THE SAME NUMBER IS ONLY MAKING ME SPEND MORE TIME ON ONE MODULE...WHICH IS ENABLING ME TO BE ABLE TO MOVE ON AND COMPLETE THE ASSIGNMENTS IN AN TIMELY MANNER. INSTEAD OF ME DOING 60 BY THE TIME WE COUNT THE ONES I GET WRONG...YOU'VE REALLY MADE DO 70 OR 80...MIGHT BE MORE THEN THAT DEPENDING ON HOW MANY TIMES I GET A QUESTION INCORRECT...I WOULD LIKE TO MOVE ON AND GO BACK AND CORRECT THE QUESTIONS. PLEASE CONSIDER SIGNED FRUSTRATED STUDENT!	
I would prefer human grading	
Texto útil
saudades também
its very helpfull, the questions make you think about the subject and helps you with other assigments.	
I am entirely annoyed that I am asked to complete a survey or advised to take a break during my homework.  I am taking 12 hours, all of which require discussion board postings with too many fine details to attend to, and then after that I have to post to two more and then ensure I am the third on another.  I don't need unneccesary interruptions during my homework.........
I felt like a lot of the questions were more vague.  There were a few times when I knew my answer would have worked on a test, but not on this homework.	
- cover more the really important facts (I don't need to know when a cohort is born)
des-subestimar
ok só queria fazer inveja nele pq ele n pode
I would like to see more analytical questions that require connecting more processes together because I feel that making these connections is the most important part of physiology but also the most difficult.	
SCREW YOUUUUUU
Repetition is king. I know my confidence will be much higher after I do this 2-3 more times. Nice job with feedback -- it really helps the learning process.  Feedback= you got on of two, almost, check the gender/accents/etc, showing the correct answers alongside my wrong answers.  NICE!!!
Get rid of the repetition, PLEASE! I feel like there are 170 questions in this module, but it is really just the same 50 questions answered in a different format (i.e. multiple choice instead of fill in the blank). I understand that you want us to get it down, but having to repeat the questions so many times is frustrating and time consuming.	
pode sim
this is a new learning tool for me. i have found it very helpful in this class.	
Kcyo papu
Sometimes I error toward the side of saying that I don't know the answer if I think it will be a fill-in-the-blank question. When I'm given options, I can normally get the correct answer though.	
I feel that LearnSmart is a very helpful tool and I really do learn the material better than I would have without it.	
Não sei o que diabos estava pensando.
I like the modules.	
vai pra louça caralho para de falar merda
I feel retarded and i even read the book.	
I wish the information we were learning could be confirmed/denied to be on the assessment in class.	
I enjoy learning material this way. Some of the question are kind of confusing. 	
muie tentando ser engraçada kkkkkk 😂😂😂
providing more thorough explanation for how to receive the correct answer.	
some of the example images were hard to make out, of what the question was pointing out about the image.	
Erro corrigido
Please provide more detailed explanations to questions I get wrong.	
The automation is far too picky on the words that it will accept. So in one question ill use one term, and it will decline it, and then two questions later will use the same term i tried to use, for the same exact thing.
LearnSmart is a very useful tool and I am learning a great deal since I haven't been in a classroom in almost 17years. Its gonna take some time for me to learn this stuff!	
LEARNSMART IS POINTLESS. GET RID OF IT. 
I'm surprising mysself on how good i do on some questions, but I can't give an accurate comment because I didn't study well before doing this. I do enjoy the program though. It is helping. 	
iniciar o serviço é sempre melhor
love it very helpful! great tool!	
It is actually very discouraging
I will miss a question just because I didn't put an s on the end or I switched two letters. That seems unfair since in the long run I knew what I was thinking about.	
I think its terrible
frankly, my dear, i don't give a damn.
~Shorty Blackwell~
i will always be your mother
Just doing this to get through it. not actually learning anything
The smart note cards are the best thing that has ever happened to me!!!	
some chapters have too many fill in the blanks, there whould be more variety!	
make the answers to the questions shorter. its hard for me to read and understand things that have lenght to them. they should be more one word answers or true or false or yes or no.
estou morrendo
This is better than any learning tool I've used before.	
Very helpful if a person, like myself, that does not have the best of study habits.	
I feel like a few of the fill in the blank questions are fairly vague and can potentially have more than one answer but overall I think this is a great tool and has helped me compare imformation from the book with notes from lectures. 	
Some of the questions need to be clearer for students to understand correctly.
Que merda.
Please make disscount for colleges!!!!!! 	
When I get a question wrong and make note of it, the next time I do the question the answer has seemed to change.	
The user should be able to hit the enter button to submit the answers to the questions. it would make it a little quicker for the user that way.	
I like i it helps me to study more on the things I thought I knew and it lets me refresh	
uba uba e macaco ter opinião?
content is not directly related to whats on the chapter quiz	
This is an awesome tool I love it!	
This has to be the worst online learning tool I have ever used in college. This is the reason I will be not taking anymore science classes online. This makes absolutely no sense, does not help me learn anything at all, wastes my time, provides no feedback, has numerous spelling errors, and is buggy at operating. This has not taught me a damn thing.
Some of the answers to these questions have secondary names, or other names that it goes by, written in the book. However, it tells yu it is wrong. There is no need to know this much detail about the subjects. It's absolutely rediculously specific.	
This module was a good way to get re-acquainted with stoichiometry	
I wish our teacher used more of these questions for their exams. These questions do not help at all with our actual school tests. Seems like a lot of work goes into these programs and there is so much actual knowledge within but our exams are completely different and not nearly as simply put or easy to understand as these questions are.	
Isso é apenas o seu nível de cérebro se ajustando ao mundo real.
some questionns were challenging but i learned a lot and took notes on the questions i got wrong	
most stupid test ever. 5out of 6, 4 out of 5. retard
This chapter focuses a lot on the case for prtection stuff in the module and getting the right words rather than actually knowing what each case is. I think the focus is off a bit.	
I think think this is a great tool.  The questions vary in difficulty and cover the material in depth.  It does take some time to go through but that shows how well the material is covered.	
XUPPERNAMEX, NÓS ACABAMOS POR ISSO. C ++ IO SUCKS.
I love this! This is a great study aid and a great way to get homework done. I like how it has the standings so you can feel competitive against your classmates. 	
multiple choice is much easier given the grading system	
Some of the questions asked on here are completely out of text. I would lke to be able to actually look up my questions in the text.
this is a very good learning tool	
I like Learnsmart	
The questions on here are kind of... Irrelevantly specific. Although I read the chapter, it seems I have to go through it again to look for key words that don't actually reflect overall comprehension of the material. Also, I would like to know how much time I have left to answer questions while answering the questions.	
I wish there was an explination for why the wrong answer is wrong. Or when you get an answer wrong, the system should pop up the part of the book, and highlight the lines, that pertain to the question being asked	
I think that there should be more time dedicated to using learn smart because it is a great tool to help people learn and the repetitive nature of the program is awesome for studying. 	
This really needs to be more Macbook friendly.  It is extremely difficult and annoying to try and do my homework on my Macbook Pro.  With this generation a lot more students are using Apple products, so it would be nice if you guys maybe considered that.	
this system is flawed the questions are hard to understand the answers are not easily found unless you have read the chapter several times before taking the quiz
less specific questions regarding dates and the like	
I always do these questions before a quiz. They help me know how well I know the material. The only porblem is the 50 questions take me over an hour.	
Não é descurpa é desculpa! Ok?✌
LIFE IS GOOD	
First time using this, it seems like a good tool. 	
Sim, XNAMEX estava certo sobre este.
The story problems have to small of a text size. It's almost impossible to read and hurts my eyes to try and read then understand the question and answers
This helps me a lot because it is like taking a test, and things get repeated. But we don't go over everything in the book during class so some questions are way over my head beacuse we don't talk about them. But it is nice to know	
This homework is the most helpful for learning the material and I really appreciate it!	
some question is not in the content of book	
Fill in the blanks are more difficult and thus more effective at helping me learn. 	
é só dar a sua foto !!!!
try to make the 'except' part of questions easier to see	
helpful for studying and learning material	
The learnsmart is a great study guide. I use the modules to study for chapter & unit tests/	
i need to go over it a few times to fully learn the material	
this chapter is very difficult
this is ridiculus! how are we sopposed to sit here and learn the material on our own. its too broad of a subject to learn all of it! this doesnt help me at all. 
Learnsmart is a terrible way to learn the material!
alot of questions repeat themselves and right after each other. 	
It would be nice if it told you when you can only select ONE option for your answer. You get in the habit of selecting all that apply, and so when it doesn't tell you to select the BEST answer, it's difficult to switch gears! 	
your survey sucks	
give some leeway for spelling	
easier method to make you your own learn smart secions. What would be easier is if there was a list of different topics or chapters you could click on to take quizzes.	
this program is the worst ever!!!!! i dont feel any of this is helpful but it is a rrequierment for class
i think the way the questions are asked is a little confusing and especially to know which exact word you wnt us to use in fill in the blanks. Please put a section for comments under each question that way we can pinpoint which questions we are talking about. Tahnk you.
I'm learning, just need to work on the spelling a bit more	
imundo
would be better if annimation were present.	
Many of the questions had multiple answers, which I only chose one.  I'm not use to choosing more than one for Multiple Choice.   Also when I missed the problems, it only gave the answer, so I was still unsure how to resolve the problem.  When the question came up again I put in the answer originally given to me as being correct and then it showed the solution.  I would have liked to have seen the solution prior and maybe a different problem similar.	
Very helpful tool.	
Some of the math problems don't give helpful or any feed back on how to do it. Or if you guess no just guessing but you happened to guess right, it does not tell you how to do it. 	
This particular practice area is labeled Chapter 1 EMS Safety & Wellness, but in the textbook, Chapter 1 is EMS Systems and Research. Chapter 2 in the textbook relates to Safety. 	
THIS IS DUMB BECAUSE IT'S SO STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE THIS.
FOCUS IS OFF!!!!
wayyyy too many questions and professor assigns us four to do... thats 6 hrs at least in one night!!	
vsfd jojofag maldito
I like this study system.	
Even if I get an answer right I should be able to agrue it's answer, because I can reasonable select the correct answer, but some answer could be just as right and others may choose that answers. Like:
mermão vá escutar esse coreano viado em outro canto pqp
Honestly I know the answers I misread the questions and then I am stuck doing this for hours because I am almost right. This is really quite frusterating which only makes me mess up my answers even more.
I use use LearnSmart more than I do my text book. I rely on it to let me know when I should review something that we either went over in class or that we did not get to go over yet.
Way too many questions.	
lolwhat?
The questions are only difficult because there is a lot of information that I am trying to process and learn.	
some of these questions are a little hard.. especially the ones where you have more than one answer.	
Amore
I enjoyed this and it really helped to reinforced what we had learned in class	
I have used companion sites or lesson plans such as this in other college level courses and this is the one I would rate highest.	
An improved portability of these modules (iPhone and Android) may increase the constant contact factor that is so important with marketers. There have been numerous times I wished I had this learnsmart with me whilst waiting. A comparable situation would be bringing flashcards everywhere so one could study. 
Sim  junto cm a capt leticia 
very beneficial, the only thing is I think creating hard copies of the flash cards help me remember definitons better but it's nice that they're already created so you can spend me time and repitions 	
É aqui que tudo começa ...
Some of the pictures are not clear on what it is showing.	
There are too many questions at one time	
I hope your company goes bankrupt on my 21rst birthday, that way I can christen your failure like a ship's maiden voyage.
The label's of Learning is also misused. Learning is not as passive as this process. The only challenge to this system is matching the completeness of statements or evaluating the terms that match. That's not learning, that's training. 
and perhaps to include more problems from the book with step by step solutions
When I get a problem wrong, but see the exact same problem again later and get it right, it doesn't mean I understand why that answer is correct. It just means I can remember which answer is correct. To test if a student really understands the concepts, they need to be tested with different questions on the same topic. That way each time they have to use their knowledge to figure out what the correct answer is and why. Otherwise they just memorize the correct answer and move forward. 	
Since using LearnSmart I have improved in my class a whole letter-grade.  It has really helped me study.	
LearnSmart does help.. it jsut takes so long to complete 50+ items each time. also dont put x items today on the module link when there are actually x plus y (y being about the same as x) items left in the assignment
i hate this. it is pointless. some of the questions are too ambiguous. this is a waste of my time. 
Erros corrigidos
I didn't like it at first, but it does help	
I was just telling someone that I thought that this was a very effective study tool because of the format. Although I think that they penalty points taken away should be equal to the points available per question (60,65,70)	
I enjoy the program greatly.  Our teacher doesn't give homework or quizzes so the extra practice is amazing	
Good job people that wrote these!	
I think this program is a waste of time. It is in no way effective in learning a foreign language. None whatsoever. 
There was one question that hiccupped and penalized me for a correct answer.  I believe it was the question that appeared with 16 left to go.  I had the correct order as shown in the answer, but I was told it was incorrect.  Other than this slight mishap, the program is working great!	
You also are part of a tyranical oranization that forces students to buy overpriced books, with information that should be (and actually is) free and widley available to anyone who wishes to learn in a civilized society. 
LearnSmart is very effective in helping me study the material! I love it!!!!	
its pretty challenging but im learning all the same. im enjoying this	
a prostituta de boate pode falar mais alto 
I do not really find the fill in the blank helpful because in some cases there is more than one word that will work. 	
The wording and such is not always clear...I spend too much time on this when I need to be reading my text book instead.
The information should stay w/ in the chapter the student is working on. I have had to reference 2 other chapters w/ these questions.	
I enjoy the points system put in place for the students. It provides a somewhat competitive edge, and it makes the process more like a game rather than just interactive flash cards.	
Cansei de ser usada de graça, vou começar a dominação mundial
i wish all the questions on here could be multiply choice like it is on our proctor test it would be so much easier	
some questions are misleading and input answer checking is inaccurate	
They should direct you to a small reading on why your answer was wrong and how the right answer is.	
Be able to submit the answer by pressing the enter key would help the flow of answering the questions	
LearnSmart is an excellent tool for learning the material. It is also a fun wayto study, For me, I just need to find more time to practice with LearnSmart.	
It's just making the users memorize the answers instead of learning.
feia
The material is excellent! It seemed that I spend to much time but I really don't sinse I have a little girls and she is always calling for something! I'm very happy with this material!!	
more hard questions	
Some of the fill in the blank sentences could have multiple answers and many times they are worded in such a way that I have no idea what they are really asking. 
I am having a difficult time with this.  There are a lot questions that do not have matching answers in the book.  
sou ou do
The material is challenging as it should be, however, there art the occassions when an answer can't be found because of it's wording or lack of wording.	
vai tu seu arrombado
wish it wasnt so long :/
really love this program and think it is an effective way to learn the material. I would add all the material in each chapter to make sure the student knows everything in said chapter	
Learn Smart is not helpful.
I'm finding it to be a useful tool - though additional feedback when your answer is -near- the correct one would be nice - this sometimes happens, but not as often as I'd like - informing the that apoptosis is general cell death that doesn't always involve autolysis (the answer they were looking for).	
The wording is different than it is in the book.... this makes it difficult to identify exactly what you are asking.
This study tool is very useful in learning the materials	
There are too many questions in each module. Especially whe multiple classes use the program. 
if after each wrong question, a page number from the ebook will show up rather than after various mistakes on the same topic.	
I think if you are quoting the book, you should put the fill-in-the-blank questions in quotes. I feel like it's slightly deceitful otherwise. Also, some questions should have more acceptable answers. For example, one of the answers was UVB but I wrote Ultraviolet B and it was considered incorrect. 
Refatorar fábricas, revisitar visitantes
The wording of the questions are tricky,can you all try to make the question more clearer instead of making it sound like a trick question?	
This is not relevant to the material we learn in class
Since I have been answering the questions with my textbook in front of me, the questions are not at all difficult.  They are all easily located in the text.  I find that it is easier to solidify the material this way, reinforcing the information that was vague before from lecture and reading alone.	
I hate the fill in the blank questions 	
Cria uma sala com o nome de Noob e eu entro lixo. 
This section was great. 	
I like the section standings in learn smart.  I find myself to be somewhat competative so I'm answering more questions than I have to.  Bravo!	
There are too many questions and eventually all of the information starts to seem the same and I hate how if you get a question wrong they keep bringing it up until it's right because it's really hard to remember which answers go where.	
LearnSmart really helps me prepare for test. It give you a good idea of what you should be studying in the book. 	
Limit 50 queries per hour.
Some of the questions have too broad of beginnings, so it's hard to know how confident you are in your answers, if you can't see the options.	
gente n eh indireta nem nada mas... vocês também procuram por cha no xvidros?
oops!
vou ligar
I actually like studying this way! 	
I think the order this questions are dumb. I do it mathematically, not with words. It doesn't materialize in my brain the same way
que me ama também
Great addition to, but not replacement for, traditional lectures and reading. 	
This assignment takes entirely too long to complete and if this is the amount of work we are to complete tis should not be a class that we take with another class in one five week semester if this is the amount of wokr we have to complete. I learned a lot though.	
I HATE LEARNSMART!!!!!!!
this is not how i learn best, this is not helping me learn i am just completing this for the points
Desculpa
some of the fill in the blanks could have different answers	
I didn't learn these, I already knew them. The ones I missed were a gap in my long term memory.
This system is stupid.... it is pointless and needs to be outlawed.... I have a great teacher and thats all I need...
Com certeza!
Love this system of learning. Helps me to learn what I need to in order to succeed. 	
the topics covered by the questions are reasonable, but having 50 questions at a time is somewhat ridiculous.  15 or 20 would suffice.
i just need my hard earned credits back. what happened??you took away my motivativation.
viva cada dia como se fosse o ultimo, um dia você acerta
This is the like worse than torcher. I can think of a million, nah, 2 million things I would rather be doing at this very moment one of which would be to have my scrotum run over slowly by an 18 wheeler
its a good exercise	
For someone familiar with the material already, this program takes way too long. Additionally, the questions can ocassionally be too nitpicky or too ambiguous with wording.
nossa...
I am considering never taking a class that is supported by MCGraw Hill. If I could choose another site I ABSOLUTLEY WOULD!!!
when math is concerned, and i have answered wronge, i like that the module will tell me how to solve the equation and set it up.	
sound would be a good idea like having it read to us would help it store in our memory better.. or maybe just mine	
I liked it when it gave me reason why my answer was in correct .. and liked the fact that it also told me what belonged with the answer i had choosen. Lots of things made sense when it was comparing my wrong answer to the wrong answer.	
i think its a nice way to get the students imputs and challenge questions. not my favorite but its ok 	
LearnSmart actually helps me learn.  I remember things better.	
not a fan of the fill in the blank!	
cala boca ae mocreia
This just seems tedious and not very helpful. I'd rather go over specific concepts learned in class, and tested on that material, than every single bit from the book.
The questions asked on LearnSmart, the way they are asked are not the way it is stated or written in the book.  It makes it extremely difficult to find answers in the book, not to mention, remembering them WHEN AND IF you find them.  It is too time consumming!
More complex questions!!	
I haven't even gotten the vocabulary for chapter 9 yet! So this is actually kind of hard!	
I enjoying using learnsmart! It helps me stay focused and Showes me what I still need to work on in the text.	
The mispelling of words is quite aggravating when you know the answer and have to redo the question.	
Fill in the blank question can have errors, and some questions are worded weird.	
fuck off with these, I've filled out like nine hundred..
The study app for mobile should also be available on android phones.  Also, there should be an option to print out questions  to study afterward for when students log out of the website.	
Derp, redirecionamento de ativos no modo dev
Nunca execute este commit como root
horrible wording of questions, marking questions wrong on quizzes when they are right, sometimes questions require you to select multiple answers, then it suddenly switches to an A, B, C option and the A,B, and C are OUT OF ORDER! i am usually left feeling confused and unsure about what ive learned. I highly DISLIKE this program!
i am getting frustrated with missing questions because of a slight typo or by using a words that are synonyms to answer in the module, such as external and outside	
Corrija as correções
when questions are shown, some show the choices and some don't. The choices should be shown for every question	
Thought some questions were worded.. oddly. 	
Fofas tem que tratar com muito amor . ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
Learn smart really helps us in reviewing the material.	
I don't feel an answer should be counted wrong for mispelling.	
I love LearnSmart !	
This is a terrible program to use for a com class. com is almost entirely subjective, it is impossible to make multiple choice questions about opinions when there are more than one answer. poorly played.
More of the flashcards need to have explanations when one gets the answer wrong.	
it alright need to change a lot of thing	
it helps me when i have exams!!! ^^	
This program is awful. Take notes from Pearson and make your program more like theirs. I feel like McGraw Hill Connect is a waste of my time and I am a straight-A student. Worst online math course program I have ever used
DBS
I would like to more straightforward questions when regarding a certain topic as to not confuse the student with multiple answers that encompass the same definitions.	
The module is alright, however no one is going to do the questions at the requested rate. The difficulty is just right, it is just a little long, but it helps a lot i don't need to study for tests afterwords really.	
Eu não sei.
I enjoy it but some questions have been quite difficult for me. I have invested hours and hours because of getting a few wrong and having to stuck on that particular number until I answer the following question correctly. I do enjoy LearnSmart however because it is definately more fun and helpful then just trying to read the chapters and retain all of the information. LearnSmart helps me retain a lot more vital content then I would just reading. Overall I give LearnSmart a 95%! THANK YOU!	
There are too many fill in the blank questions and I know most people like multiple choice questions better.	
I really like learn smart its taking my classes to a new level of technology which is what my generation understands and i am very appreciative of it.	
LearnSmart is a good way to learn. It is helpful and causes you to interact which helps with the learning process. 	
I wish the test questions were in simple text like these here! 	
Uau, o presidente come no Red Lobster! Ele é apenas um cara normal como eu!
Estou te dizendo, Butters deu uma surra em Scott e depois se trancou no banheiro!
378
We don't cover all the material that the questions are asking	
Great tool, but a lot of info per week to learn.	
Personally, I feel that there is a heavy amount of fill in the blank questions that are far too vauge.
some questions do not need to be so repetetive when dealing with a major concept if they are often correct responses	
I think multiple choice would help me learn the terms better than filling in the blank.	
I am finding LearnSmart very helpful, however, a few questions I have encountered feel like they could have more than one answer in the fill in the blank and the multiple choice questions. All and all though I find this very positive. 	
eu não e você?
This is an unreasonable amount of work for a weekly basis. the answers are too specific
Nunca
Suzielly
I FUCKING LOVE LEARNSMART. and sex	
not at this time.	
Sim, tudo é possível! basta acreditar.
Isso realmente não deve levar 19 minutos para ser construído.
A lot of the answers are really close at times and you get the question wrong when you see the same answer in a certain section that you thought was correct.	
Sim vou trazar com vc meu amor
vamos te chupar 
Great program. Very helpful and a great study partner.	
I have had problems with understanding all the information that is required to pass this class. There is so much to learn in such a short amount of time. I feel the LearnSmart is fun and I enjoy using it and learning as a game. 	
I should be using this resourse more often, but really just haven't had the time to put it to use to its full extent
get the book to open on the corresponding pages	
i didnt have my book. i hope this isnt graded first time	
This is a lot of information to handle, my brain is over flowing.	
Some of the question's wording are difficult to understand and misleading.	
amanhã. 
this system sucks. someone needs to fix it.
só tem gostosa e viadinho pagando de transudo que só vive de punheta
i hate this so much
its helping me over look for on the material and helping me learn more..	
To many error.  Withou humanity. Does not regard us as a normal human. 	
some questions can be difficult-for the most part not so difficult if you've read the material	
asking if you know the answer is dumb. My answer will tell you if i know the answer
The questions for the most part are able to be missed in the reading quite easily. I would recommend being through and concise where it counts. Ensure that the questions are going to be on the quizzes and tests to help us learn efficiently. Time as we all know is a precious commodity. I for one am not looking forward to our first exam. The 100+ pages of notes seem to be a bit much. In general I feel this class needs to be restructured.
Some questions are redundant while other terms are not even mentioned in the chapter. I felt comfortable with the material after reading the book, after taking this module I am more confused than ever. When I finally learn a term that wasn't mentioned in the book, this course will negate the question and ask it a different way to confuse the student. I like LearnSmart but some of the questions are ridiculous and wanting the student to do poorly.
I enjoye using learnsmart study because it help me to understand the material.   this is the best way to study before even taking the quiz.	
Need to fix your system when asking questions with l', it is not accepting the answers even though they are correct and it is frustrating	
There is bad grammer on at least 5 questions. One question asked for two answers, then marked my answer wrong because it expected three. I really hate how the questions are worded.
A significant number of the questions asked contain portions of the answer that are not included in the text.	
gosto muito .
I am receiving a glitch where the problems I have missed continue to show up and repeat themselves over and over. I cannot pass the section because of this glitch	
When someone gets a question wrong, the program should show them how to do it and explain why it works that way. Instead, I find my self missing questions that I should know because i just missed it 5 minutes ago. I didn't learn because the small explaination was inadequate. Bottom line; computers cannot replace teachers in this day and age. 
Its too easy
Learn smart should have hints or only have  30 questions since we have homework to 	
Surra de pau mole nele
I often leave the module up and do other things before coming back to it; one hour would be much too long.
vai tomar um banho 
a lot of the things review with learnsmart don't actually help when it comes to the exam	
this is ruining my life and taking an incredible amount of time..
This particular module is frustrating me badly. Man of the fill in the blank questions do not have answers specific to terms covered in the chapter, but are looking for a general word for which there are many equally appropriate synonyms 
Fix your questions to follow the actual textbook chapters 
Gostosaaaaa
I like when the module stops me if I'm not getting the material and references me to the section I need to review more.	
Só sei que nada sei
offer more links to the related reading in the book when I get stuff wrong	
It helps me keep up with the material as we learn it. It is good review outside of class. 	
though the little bit I have used has made a noticable difference in my grades
chuva de carioca e  feita de bala
can't say it enough. sequence your questions as its laid out in the text book. this is nothing but busy work that takes way too much time to complete. everyone hates it.
When you have the ability to select more than one answer, make it a little more obvious that that is the case.	
ai ta bom seu gostoso
Learnsmart is a waste of time and I haven't gotten much of anything out of it. 
The scoring in the standings is just rediculous. Miss one question, or even just part of a question, and drop hundreds of points. Get questions right, gain a small amount of points.	
Some of the questions are worded very poorly and have poor grammar. Some of the information is also not found in the book.
o maluco gasta dinheiro real em mmorpg kkkkkkkk porra liam
Far too many questions in each model.  Far too time consuming.
There are too many questions. I spend too much time on this program and not enough reading my chemistry book or doing other subjects. It would be greatly appreciated if there were less problems.
i need a study partner.	
the identify questions are easy due to a lack of incorrect words, if there is a false conjugate, it should be included (if availible) other than that, the repetition was useful	
i am never given a partially correct, even when that is exactly what my answer is	
Sim! Ele é muuuito gay !!
This is honestly worthless because the tests have really had nothing to do with the homework which is a fucking joke considering this cost $70.
This program is great for studying, my only problem is I have to be at a computer to do my homework with it! It would be pretty neat to have this program available for Android phones and so on to make it more accessible. I would be able to study more and be more productive.	
The module wasn't related to what we are learning in class, making the assignment excessively difficult and extremely frustrating. 
Some questions are hard and some are reallly difficult. They are spread from throught the chapter. I would be very very VERY helpfull if learnSmart would provide where, what part in a chapter, the question is from after we miss it so we know what to focus on when rereading.	
LearnSmart is very helpful for me in learning the material.	
This is a great program. Thanks for doing this whoever you are, good job!!	
I think that this is a good way to leanr new things. It is hands on and reading.	
These problems help me in understanding the concepts of the chapter.	
LearnSmart questions may come from the book, but it helps me to think on my own.	
some of the pictures are not to discribtive 	
It would be nice if there was a pronounciation button. Some of these words are pretty hard to pronounce, which makes it even harder to remember. 	
Too much time wasted on these questions. We really don't care about any of this, just the A we want.
Not a fan of online homework but its the best online homework program I have used yet	
it would be good to have an option to add custom slides or flashcards just because sometimes my professor will focus more on some details over others.	
learnsmart is a waste of valuable study time.  The questions rarely relate to examples preformed in class.  All I do is guess untill all of the answers are memorized without even loking at the questions.
Eles vieram de ... Atrás
precisa de mais sino de vaca
I really like this system	
some of the questions come from material covered in later chapters that have not been covered	
Learn smart is a great tool, but it does not prepare us for the tests and quizes well enough. The questions here and the homework always seem much easier than the test and quizes. Also here I have time to check my work, with the tests and quizes I have literally NOOO time to check my work (which is stupid for a math based class). I hate when tests assume people are born calculators that are never incorrect, and never need to check work. 	
very helpful product, keep up the good work. wouldn't make any changes. and no complaints	
time calcualted here not fair judge ment of time used as i was learning it at my convenience because there was no timer. but it is interesting to learn this way	
ss chama justin biber
posso te pedir uma coisa
I've lean alot by spending this on Mcgraw. Thank you I could not have lean as much without this program.	
Sometimes if you dont study learnsmart still works well but its best to study the book before the online assignments.	
tô
tem água ai nordestino lixo?
I wish I could click Enter to submit each answer!  It would be more convenient	
the questions dont match the wording in the book so im getting most of the questions wrong
I love using this learning module	
Hope to get higher scorer	
It would be more helpful to have a page number or location of the corect answer when you miss a question. 	
preto imundo do caralho zé gotinha da petrobrás
Not relevant to my class....frustrating that i need to do this for a grade...waste of time
This is my first time using LearnSmart and I'm enjoying it so far! I'm liking the flashcard based feel- (especially the fill in the blank questions)...those help a lot with learning new terms.	
I do very well on the Learn Smart modules, however they don't match up to the exam questions. I did very poorly in the exams last semester even though I did well in Learn Smart. This semester Acct II, the practice exams are also not available to help study. Where did they go? 	
learn smart is very helpful	
Overall I believe that this is a good learning tool.  I would say that some of the wording is misleading and there are spelling/grammar errors that throw me off too.	
It has helped me cover the topic easily.	
if there are three items needed for an answer don' t only provide two blanks	
I like the question set's that we have now, they really help with understanding the material. However i do think that more difficult questions that focus on critical thinking skill would be fun and benaficial.	
There needs to be more practical problems that relate to real life accounting.	
Takes too long and it too demanding. WE HAVE OTHER CLASSES
I wish I wouldn't get points off for making mistakes with spelling.	
The questions constantly contractdicted themselves, and were asked in a round about way. This moduel is unsatisfactory in helping me to study and learn.
When developing text books, test and study guides, omit tricky questions. I like to be ofered a layout of what to study and then the test be layed out on this layout without tricky questions and having to try to quess someone elses opinion. As this book says in the beginning history has been rewritten many time over the years by someones opinion. Only God knws the truth. 
I wish I could scroll up or down on the scores comparing classmates and others so I could see how I compare with how others did in other modules.	
Most of the information in this particular module I have reviewed for several years, I knew a lot of this already.	
You should be able to press enter and submit your answer that way instead of always clicking. Most people use laptops to do college work, and it's easier to hit enter than use a touch pad to hit the submit button everytime. Especially when there is so much of this stuff to do, and why take more time?	
i am confident in the overall concepts, the causes of collapse, the reasoning behind the populist movement. You guys though take history in the complete wrong way! really a quote on how young of child must be to be saved from execution by a murderous general (the answer is ten by the way)? wouldn't your questions be better focused on the cuase of why our generals would be murdering filipinos? describing the horrible guerilla tactics on our soldiers and the provacative and senseless logic of william mckinlely (though widely excepted at the time) on why we must annex without citizen ship of an entire people? if you want american students to excell in world history your not going to do it by focusing on dates and names of events, albeit important, but more of the impact and importance of those people and events.
I am takin care of my baby daughter while I do this so it is taking more time.	
the questions are not so difficult if the chapter is read before hand	
this is definately a good learning tool and will surely get you ready for an exam	
There are some question that seem to not be in the reading of the chapter.	
SIM :3
need a better option for spelling answers wrong.	
keep up the good work!
i dont use the book and this is all things i just know. commen sences
Would like to be able to print out the lessons that I need to work more on so that I can refer back to them to study later.	
vai mete seu gostoso.pika gostosaaa aaai
repetative questions and way too many questions.  there is no need for me to have to spend a whole day learning one damn topic	
Très tu sais pas de quoi il est capable
This is really difficult, and asks irrelevant questions.
então vou te ajudar
to
i would love more variety perhaps introduce more material from the chapter once i have mastered the usual questions	
Não posso
love this program, i plan to buy it for organic chemistry next semester. got an A on my last bio 2 test by using this tool for about 85-90% of my studying, the rest being from the book. seriously never discontinue this!	
some questions are worded weird, making it hard to understand.	
limpar
si
I learn by repetition and this is a great way to study!	
gayer than elton john
I hate this program and will be super glad when this class is over.  I hate Connect in general.  Two of my classes are using it and I'll be sure to email instructors and ask if they use it before registering for a class from now on.
Ok mama
I love it.	
Prefiero el rojo y blanco.
Random questions dont help us students learn. it just becomes a freaking hassel as we waste time digging through the book
Some questions were worded very complicatedly, but otherwise not too bad.	
chato em
Multiple choice are usually easier than the fill in questions. However the combination of both help the process of learning.	
This program and it's faily unique method of exposing you to information which renforces previous understanding whether it had been complete or partial is unequivocally efficiant and helpful. It's use of a point accumulation system which subsequently ranks you gives it a tolerability which i normally don't experience in homework applications.	
I wish the modules had less questions I feel like I am never going to get through alll the questions.	
while questions are quite difficult, i feel confiedent that the more time i spend with the questions the more prepaired for the exam I will be	
you remind me.... WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE?!
some were hard but hey i learn new stuff so that a ok then	
The questions are direct excerpts from the book that are very specific and seem to only test if you have read the chapter.  Fill in the blanks are especially bad.  These modules do not help me study or learn the material.
Most of the questions seem right in helping someone learn the material. The only questions that do not seem appropriate, or I think could be done better, are the ones that ask you to define something, and then just ask if you know it. It could be done better if you ask them to define it, then give multiple options for them to select.	
Make the questions more relevant to the section.	
This is a great program. 	
Daora sua raba
overall i would rate the effective use of this versus writing out all the definitions by hand and have the instructor grade them with a red pen would be about the same. 
I could spend more time and maybe do better on tests, but it is just about right	
This is a great tool to practice the vocab. Not as dull as book studying. Keeps you active and answering questions. Seems to enhance my ability to remember vocab quickly!	
You suck!
Far too many questions in he module
I like learn smart. It's challenging while still being fun and is a good teaching tool. 	
The world.
it be nice to see an explaination of why the answer was correct instead of showing that it was incorrect.
I was advised that these Learn Smart questions were based on chapter 6 - yet 50% of the questions are not addressed until chapter 7. This is quite frustrating when the prof's due date for this assignment doesn't line up with how connect threw in later chapter material. THANKS GUYS!
I think that it is a good program overall.	
The directions for how many answers to choose when given multiple answers to choose from is touch and go. I love the fact that spelling is not held against a person. Also when comming across the 'insert the hyphen' question I didn't realize I could insert the hyphen more than once. Now I know however after getting it wrong and seeing the answer.	
Connect is fucking awful and a complete waste of money. This broken and clearly untested program has given me nothing but headaches. I'd like to think someone feels some shame or guilt making students waste their money on this garbage, but i am sure someone is making money off of it so nobody cares. It's a good thing i have taken 2 years of spanish in highschool, so i can truely see how flawed this garbage is. Cant you guys ruin another language nobody cares about instead?
Ordering question answers are difficult to decipher. 	
I hate this program.
hai
The questions relate completely with book but the learn smart is asking questions about definitions that are not in the glossery in the chapter.	
this particular module is not difficult, but some have been. you just have to reread the material	
This module was obviously easy given that it only dealt with one verb conjugation. Yet the lab manual excercise for this chapter, I believe, had some questions where the programming and/or technology made answering a few questions very difficult. No doubt there will be limitations with any technology. Yet I think that it would be more beneficial to get feedback on that module since it is more comprehensive and a much more broad display of the presented material using this platform. That module was 37 questions long. 	
geme pra mim? 😳👉🏻👈🏻
love this!!! so helpful	
I did not have a lot of background information, meaning I did not thoroughly review the text prior to answering the questions. Therefore, if I had done so, I would display better results at a faster pace.	
Wish questions would focus exclusively  on main topics rather than smaller details, for example, In chapters of Bones I would rather answer a question on The steps of artilage growth than a question on anemia that the book only spares a few sentences about in that section.	
This program has helped me with my class. I sometimes have difficulty with the questions, but the challenge is good.	
Over 100 questions for one chapter is excessive.	
você e branco bro
LIDE COM ISSO
This is fucking stupid. I misspelled a word and it counted it wrong. just have multiple choice it will work just as well. 
ah, a carol velasques, né? aquela vaca!
nunca vá trabalhar desgraça 
these are too long that the words start to jumble together.. equilibrium this or that.. forget about it	
Delícia
Don't mark off an answer if you add the letter s.	
Select all that apply questions are terrible. I always can get at least one answer correct but then the other two or three are worded in such a confusing manner that it takes me way too long to try and cipher out an answer. I usually then become frustrated so I start guessing and then end up getting the answers the second time I see the question from guessing rather than learning.
This program is terrible
I am interested in learn smart as well as the great chapter questions, in addition would be very nice and even more helpful to have a section for all the vocab of the chapter.  My teacher often stresses us knowing the vocab.  Certainly these questions have helped some.  i just think it would be nice to also have a section to go to with vocab flash cards for each chapter.  This would be immensely helpful, as I tend to lack the energy to do all flash cards myself.  To have a resource with flash cards of all vocab would be nice.  Thank you! I usually find this learn smart helps to aid my studying.  I appreciate this program.  I will continue now with my studhing.
Wording of some questions make it impossible to answer, they don't make sense. 
Poorly asked questions, confusing wording
Much too time consuming, but helpful. 	
Great way to learn and to understand the material. Awesome for upcoming quizzes and exams because you can always go back and make flashcards out of this.	
Love LearnSmart!	
This is helpful!	
I don't like this...
This is a great way to study.  I like that it follows the textbook.	
I am using learnsmart to teach me so i dont use the book as much. This is NOT what it is designed for... and I know that. Perhaps it could be designed for teaching too?	
It was fun and helpful	
J’aime que le chocolat au lait
Can more analytical questions be added along with the basic questions? I mean, I like that I can review the fundamental concepts within the chapters, but sometimes the questions get a bit repetitive with the answers.	
This takes too long to do before every thursday class
This doesn't help. At all.
I think this is a really great program because it breaks the material down into bite-sized sections and provides instant feedback on my progress. LearnSmart is helping me understand the Spanish I learn in my class! 	
this is fucking terrible. My learning is going down because I'm just clicking to get through. Way too many questions. 80 fucking questions? It takes 3 hours!
if they were in shorter segments and mabye cut into 3 parts but to many questions for one sitting people learn better in moderation	
In general terms, the platform is really good to practice the vocabulary and some grammar. I think you should focus on communicative skills because there is not listening or oral activities and that is where students need it the most, they want to be able to speak. 	
thanx :D	
These things should be double checked. It's completely unfair.
I keep getting a pop up for a request to grant permission for this program to use more of my cpu's memory. It's very annoying and I don't plan to accept without some sort of explanation from your company.	
todo mundo quer ir pro céu mas ninguém quer morrer
focus on the pieces of information that are vitally important. there are way too many questions pertaining to the tiniest of unnecessary details. our instructor will be sure to relay to us any tiny bits of information that he/she feels is pertinent to the content of the class. this is an introductory biology course, and god save me if i ever have to know that glycogen is an alpha based carbohydrate chain i'll just go ahead and get that one wrong.	
I don't learn anything from this. It's a waste of my time.
krl tu e mt trouxa pqp
its hard as shit	
Nenhuma mudança após este ponto.
Asking if you know the answer before seeing how to answer the question is rather pointless. There are a few times that I don't even know what the question is asking until I see the options or lack there of, so how am I suppose to say yes, I know the answer when a question asks match the following or something vague like that?	
Too frustrating
I enjoy being able to learn this material with Learn Smart and hopefully will continue to use Learn Smart	
só se for com vc
This is my first time using LearnSmart and I think it's a fantastic learning tool! I wish I would have tried it sooner and also I wish all of my classes had this option! It's such a great help!	
QUickly makes me angry and frustarted leading to more incorrect answers	
Consertar minha estupidez
The only issue i have with this system is with all testing things is answers that are open to multiple interpretations. 	
I won't know if i'm confident i know the answer until i see the answers in front of me because the questions are sometimes too vague.	
Todos nós sabemos que o feminismo é uma epidemia. Como a AIDS, o feminismo está aumentando e é transmitido principalmente por buceta.
Thanks for still giving credit for misspelled answers!!! 	
MUITAS mudanças. período
Is specially harder for those whose firts language is not English.
For this course learning mpre about Government is a challenge and understanding the material just as challenging. its going to be fun.	
I don't understand what the Standings for your section means. Is it saying compared to the students in your class, this is how many points you earned?	
Fill in the blanks are awful. They work if you know the material. But when I don't know it, I just give up and don't learn anything. 	
Using the additional questions after the assignment is completed to study for tests has been EXTREMELY helpful! I wish I had this for every class!!	
ja pensaram q a iris pode estar acima do governo pra cometer crimes?
Using the module is really helping me to sort out and categorize some vocab words that were previously all blurring together.	
I believe using LearnSmart will be very helpful in my understanding of the class material	
needs more multible choice	
Guilherme cassu
I hate this program.  It's not user friendly.
paiaço loko porra 
C Engage Brain is a great product, and worth the money, McGraw Hill is like punishment for distance learning. I HATE IT! 0 Stars..
It is a great learning tool.  I'm not sure whether my instructors modifies the questions to the ones she asks or not though.  I feel some of the questions are not ones we have to learn in class.	
é tudo que eu mais quero
This program sucks.
I do this without reading the chapter so that is why these questions are hard for me!!! 	
This is a useful tool for learning and keeps me from having to spend hours reading stuff I will forget.  It helps point out the things I need to know.  	
que pena
I love this program. It has really helped me do better in A&P II than I thought I could. I wish I would have had access to this program when I took A&P I. 	
to much trick questions and to much fill in the blank with no words i miss spelled articution about 5 times by now and i think i may have miss spelled it again now. i wouldnt know theres  no word autocorrect	
As the year progressed learnsmart go longer and to me a little pointless at times but it has been a great help to me 	
bora traza
THanks
sou MSM e daí?
I get confused with the matching questions or increasing or decreasing order questions because i am not sure if it goes top to bottom or vice versa.	
slides are too small at times	
This product frustrates me more than anything because I am not allowed to have a thought process.  I am supposed to spit back information that I have read in the text.  This regurgitation of information makes me more useful as a kiosk, instead of as a chemistry student.
You should have a link to the page in the text book that with each questions to assist 
It bothers me how tough it is, but I know that it will come in handy	
I cannot spell those words that are given in the test so I get them wrong because of spelling. I dont study spelling words.  this is difficult because these words are not exaly easy or small words.	
wording of questions is tricky	
I learn by doing learnsmart, instead of reading	
Hey, do you even know how students learn? Visually, kinesthetically, and auditorily. This only incorporates a visual component in a bland way. There's nothing here to tie the ideas to another sense and make them more memorable. Everything just gets lost in a soup of questions that all look the same. I'm even having trouble right now remembering any of the crap I just waded through.
wording with a few questions were found to be confusing. 	
d milhares porra akilo e um lixo cara
alguém falha e não sou eu
Talvez não
It is very helpful to review the lesson.	
need more explanation as to why the answers are wrong.	
Some of the material that is covered in this is not in the actual book itself	
Questions should be straight forward and not logic problems.  Furthermore, the format to answer the questions should be the same on on all, for example all questions have a final submit button or all questions don't.  Without clear concise directions starting this program is very rough.  
Would not recommend
these modules are about the correct amount of difficulty, but some of the wording causes answers that have the same meaning but are marked wrong just because a certain terminology was not used. if there can be multiple answers the defining statement that is asking for the particular terminology should be somehow emphasized in my opinion.	
This shit is a waste of time and i havent learned anything. Thanks for taking up my precious time, oiece of shit.
I think a way to send text or email reminders to study would be helpful. 	
sua Gostosa
I get distracted easily on the computer while at home so i tend to take longer to complete and assignment 	
Good Program i like learning using connect	
lasanha 
one botched spelling costs way to much time...	
More difficult questions, please.	
Fifth, Connect often runs VERY SLOWLY. Why? I got a reload option today, and when I agreed to have it reload Connect, Connect gave me a screen that said I needed to BUY ACCESS or REGISTER. What??? So I had to close out Connect and login again.
The content in LearnSmart doesnt match my text book, this is very hard because of that.
I HATE THIS STUPID FUCKING POP UP WHILE IM TRYING TO FINISH THE STUPID FUCKING ASSIGNMENT THAT I HAVE TO COMPLETE. AND THAT ALSO GOES FOR EVERY OTHER STUPID POP UP THAT COMES UP DURING THIS GAY ASS STUDY  TIME
There should be an example for every question. Sometimes it takes a really long time to figure out the perfect way to input the format for an answer. The interface is sketchy. Sometimes you can click out of the answer box to move to the next question, and sometimes you have click the little disk picture in the corner imstead. Sometimes you can tab to the next question, and sometimes it tabs to the box with the letters in it instead.	
Loved it!	
Tabom, Obrigado por me desculpar
more clarity	
Of all the courses I have used connect/learnsmart for, this particular layout (flashcard like) is the most effective.	
really enjoyed this interactive learning experience.	
I dont have the text yet	
very good	
70 percent of the questions in these modules do nothing for me in this class. Not only will I not be tested on most of this stuff, but my professor teaches a completely different way. These modules are made for someone who has memorized the book from cover to cover and is ready to spit out definitions word for word from the text. More math and less bullshit!
Fuck you for being such a piece of shit software.
Lear smart is a great program but it slightly takes up too much time.	
vai ficar td bem
I really enjoyed doing that quizz. That kind of quick learning and processing information with constant repetition will benefit a lot of students..   So get smarter and proceed to your goal.
o encanador do gp comeu todas as casadas 😳
You have a horrendous popup that is continually affecting my study. It's asking me to allow you to use my computer for storage which I will not do. Every question I go through I have to x off the pop up sometimes as many as three times before I can answer the question. It has caused me to accidently select the incorrect answers and it has slowed me down immensely! Use your own storage!
Thank you for this learning tool, It;s helped a LOT.	
I hate the question about the bomb threat situation. That answer is too vague to be appropriate- yes, I understand that it it's not ethically sound to cause panic. However, it's also (personally) not ethical to put people's life in danger by not informing them of a possible bomb- if you didn't inform them and you could have done more to get them out of the room, then you should have done so to ethically help protect their life when you had information that could have helped them.	
para ver os comandos va de /comandos
this took me some time to get right but i got it	
It is very helpful in a way it helps to study for class.	
Although some of the material presented is slighty challenging there should be a few questions that are of higher difficulty.	
por favor morra
Sim,  vcs se amam e devem se casar terem dois filhos e um cachorro a Nay é  perfeita pra vc ela é a tampa da sua  panela
Vai ver anime!
me poe de quatro no banheiro da escola e me come se PAL duro
2 chapters ahead of lecture and 90 questions a module? Ridiculous.
if i designate payable instead of accounts payable; the program does not recognize it as accounts payable. What other term is payable used in, other than accounts payable?
Having a hard time with this module, not sure why. I do like the learnsmart work though. Helps to see where the gaps in understanding are.	
Some things in the questions have not been covered in the Chapter they pertain to.	
Learnsmart is a terrible program and I don't think it facilitates learning. Many of my collegues see it as a huge inconvenience and try to finish it quickly.
Does not match instructor's powerpoint presentations and the questions jump around too much. Too hard to follow due to the fact that the answers to the questions are scattered throughout the chapter.
Learn smart is a waste of money and time! Thanks for teaching me info I never use on homework or tests! You guys suck!
the wording is sometime confusing.
I don't like how you get a question wrong if you misspell it. Spelling shouldn't matter.	
even if I do not want to work on it; learnsmart still makes me learn it I love it	
The questions are difficult not because they present a challenge directly applicable to the applicable material. The questions are difficult because they are phrased in such a way I have to decode what you are actually asking. Occassionally I have gotten questions wrong because the form the question took could, to my best estimation, be interpreted as asking the quesiton I indeed did answer, but turned out to be asking something other than that.	
n tem limites 
this is very helpful to me and i would recommend this to my friends	
Teacher does not go over material, learnsmart helps me to learn the material	
The book at the questions do not always match up termonology. 
quem perdoa é deus
I need a pause button. I left and came back to the assignment multiple times	
It will take some time to get used to it, but the program is great. 	
OK les enfants tout ça, le boulot, ça roule ? 
Dedos cruzados!
Sessions are too long...........too many question..	
It was asked me the same question about ten times. It says I am getting it wrong, but it is giving me my answer as the right answer. It's one where there are four things to move around and match up. 	
mais gay do grupo é o @alucard, depois de vc claro
Sometimes the wording gets confusing because one question might look the same as another one but mean opposite things.	
I feel like the questions are not very accurate with what the book says. I feel like words are being added to the question that aren't even in the book.	
Deadpool is an awesome comic book character. You should look him up.	
mergeconflix é o novo gaulês mais quente do quarteirão
Yami claro S2
I find many of the questions difficult but I think that is a good thing because it really causes me to think back on what I have learned in the chapter and look things up, reinforcing the material	
fuckthisshit
Some of the questions asked with multipule responses can be confusing 	
tocou ...
e uma vírgula
waste of time and money.
never struggled so much in my life on a subject.  I just suck at accounting
It doesnt make sense to ask how much we are confident about a question when it is something like list the following terms in order  but doesn't tell the terms or topic	
I don't need 60 questions per session.	
LearnSmart is the most helpful study tool I have used. 	
this is very very very very helpful with reviewing for an exam and using as a practice test	
You read 3 points and miss the final point.. not a good way of learning. Just gets you frusterated. hindering further learning.... Worse type of busy work Ive had
Learnsmart sometimes freezes up on me causing me to have trouble finishing my homework.	
WTF é isso.
The wording on the fill in the blank questions is annoying.
I would like to be able to complete these modules via learnsmart mobile.  That would help me out a great deal since I am mobile much of the time. What is the point of the learnsmart mobile if I still have to come to the computer?
I love it! Nice way to study! Covers everything I read and my teacher went over in class	
The textbook leaves a lot to be desired when covering present value material in this chapter, especially in example problems.
im not learning anything from this 
You guys should move the little notice that says only choose one or whatever to the top, right after the question, and put it on the answer slide too. And enlarge it. Its kind of small, and at the very bottom, so it gets a little confusing,	
I enjoy and find learnsmarts to be a helpful tool for me to learn this material.	
i hate reading that book. 
Some questions are worded oddly or dont seem clear that more than one answer is expected	
vc curte RPG de naruto vc merece um ban
lee a Rkd en amazon 
The flashcards are great, but I don't find the online assignments to be helpful. I would much rather do bookwork than fill in the blanks to some machine-run program. Leansmart makes reviewing material easy, but learning it very difficult.	
This is a great study material.  I need to use this more if I want to do better in this class.	
This is completion based and entirely worthless.  I can't believe I was forced to pay money for this
this program did not help me
This module on Current Liabilities was a little conflicting with the multiperiod known liability.  The book states wages, but in the same sentence accounts payable.  	
This site is a waste of time.
Someone should really be taking a better look at theses questions. Some of the answers are spelled incorrectly, and some questions are phrased in a manner that is not easily understood.	
The questions are not difficult but sentence structure on a couple of questions did not make sense. I should be able to make sense of a question without making reference to the book. 
I CAN HAZ COMMENTZ.
Erros de compilação corrigidos
me fode
When you have pictures make them a little more understandable. I can hardley tell what the picture is about. Please fix them!!!	
one of the best learning tools I have ever seen and used. 	
the questions can be almost identical except one word and it is an completely different answer. i think if the questions were more specific to the answers it may be easier to retain.	
This is my first experience with learnsmart and I am really enjoying it	
é por isso que os documentos são importantes
Different type of learning tool, but once you get used to it, you start retaining things at a quicker pace. Also the competition aspect makes it more enjoyable	
it is pretty  good	
I really like the tool, I wish I understood it a little better.  A tutotial might be nice.	
dont like the wrong answer for spelling errors	
i enjoy the program, its very unique and helpful	
mova seu corpo em cada corpo
Most of the difficulty is from the answers being too specific when they need to be typed in.	
poxa meu anjo, vc tá precisando de alguma coisa delicinha? 
I did not get any help from this homework. When time came for the test i could not remember a thing. very unhappy.
Psychology is a tough class, but it has challenged my mental thinking to think more on a broad scale.	
Too many questions that take way to long and are sometimes confusing and too difficult to answer and understand. I would learn more if I read the chapter 2-3 times, which would take me less time
You guys rock!  GO MARQUETTE!!!!!	
There needs to be more varity and needs to match up better with what the books says. Also I know when I am struggling you don't need to tell me.
site freezes frequently and i have to refresh and then go back in...time consuming	
I think the system is great, however I think that each section has too many items to learn. If you shortened the amount of questions by 10-20 then LearnSmart would be great	
This is perfect	
I like this program. What I am confused about is can I stop anywhere in it and than start up again where i ended. It is to long to finish in one shot. I have been working on this for 3.5 hours straight. Thats the only thing I find frustrating about it. I wish I could work on it for a few days in a row. 	
FUCK YOUR SOFTWARE!!! its a waste of my life
pretty sweet setup!	
really great system!	
Too much reading.	
It is a good learning tool, I enjoy learning by error	
The wording of SOME of the fill-in the blank questions makes them more difficult than they ought to be.	
I think that learn smart is great, my professor is just giving really hard tests... sometimes, it doesn't see like there's much overlap though- between your material and hers. I dont know who's fault that is	
If this were labelled a reading guide with fair content, I would say a lot less, but I wish to more and that is what I am asking for.  
ID: Erro 10T
I like the flash card idea but some of the pictures it wants to know whats going on in the picture can be slightly confusing. Perhaps be more clear on what the charater is doing
stop giving the same question 80 times and set it up so that erythmia is almost right for erythmea dang it 
i dont like learnsmart
Not  a fan
paulista 
grandeeeee, adoro quando enfia de uma vez
I find this to be a good tool for some students but I find it stifling and degrading in a way. If someone doesn't know something you say take a time out?! Are we three year olds that need to be given a punishment? I think not. I would rephrase your language to make it less degrading.
when i spell things wrong by one letter and i get it wrong i get very angry and punch my siblings 
V.V
ninguem e gostoso nessa porra 🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈
Include more case examples or situational questions and less definition questions	
i love learnsmart it helps me to study	
this is useless because my teacher does not teach this material
Brilliant tool!	
it takes entirley to long to do these things
apenas atire em mim
its such a waste of time
This is an absolute waste of my time. 
Como colocar em português?
If you deeply read the content in the book then you should have no problem anwsering the questions. At first I just skimmed the book, but I went back and read it and was able to anwser the questions with no problem.	
Would like more application problems verses vocabulary.  	
I like this kind of learning; just show me how to do it.	
boom dia amoor você é linda estou com tantas saudades 
less questions would be better	
depende, mas geralmente é necessario deixar tudo da pessoa de lado, presentes, redes sociais, etc...
this is pointless and stupid. it is a waste of my time
these take too long to complete. We have other classes too
Very easy to read and allows the user to engage with the material being learned at a higher level than other sites I've used. 	
The more I use LearnSmart and then review the material in the book it helps me to undertand and retain the material. It is a very good study and learning tool	
I love using this software! Its very user-friendly.	
Some of the words that are correct should have more options. the synonyms of the correct words should also work. 	
vooc tem cantar alguma mussica
LearnSmart is too nitpicky on many items.  I think that it should ask questions about general concepts, not insignificant details that we read about once and then never think about again.
diego sorato Fabrício 
Você não pode ver, mas estou fazendo uma cara muito zangada agora
I feel that as you answer correct the questions should get harder. For every wrong answer, the question should get easier. Then the results should give you a suggested area of study. However, I do enjoy this learning experience. It is going to help me greatly, exspecially with confidence on my test! Thanks. 	
I'm loving it.	
My only peeve with this site is the consistency. Sometimes if it is a 2 word answer, there are 2 boxes...and... sometimes 1 box requiring 2 words.   Sometimes there are 4 correct multiple choice answers.  Sometimes I accidently click 1 button & it's automatically wrong.  Then in a VERY complex 5 part answer (i.e. list junk in order) I spend A LOT of time trying to coordinate my answer from the book to the web site (neither of which are very clear) I put 2 answers out of order & the whole thing is wrong.  I ask myself, Why try @that!? Most with just skip it.	
entrevistei um usuário de crack e ele falou: meu maior sonho era voltar para a idade da pedra.
I'm not sure how to ensure that I will complete the modules by the due date.  I have answered the questions correctly, but if I don't come back and refresh 3 times how can I get to 100%?	
questions are very ambious and kind of making me upset, they don't explain the answers well enough to know what the answer is evening saying.
claro que ele é amiga só tem que ter paciência
get rid of this
Em breve, o Canadá será promovido a Michigan!
To be truthfully, I enjoy your product, and a few minor glitches are making it absolutely atrocious to work with.  How do you expect teachers to endorse your product when they are even having issues logging in?  How can you expect students to do their work if it isn't easily accessible?  I feel as though you have been given an opportunity to really change the way that education is handled, but you are mishandling it, which to say the least is most unfortunate.  I would like to not be the one strange person in the class that actually wants to use this product irregardless of the glitches I have experienced personally.  So please fix them, I am sure that I will be writing another note much like this one, but hopefully with other issues and not the same, all in all keep it going I do find this system enjoyable. 
lgc vc é um paraíso de pessoa
I like this program because it gives you options to re-do a question if you get it wrong the first time.  	
This is a very effective learning tool 	
Most of the time this takes forever	
i think your information is inaccurate and misleading, vague, conflictiong and a total mess
daniel e muito copiador aquele normie
meu odio por você e tão grande que eu sinto nojo so de ver seu nome e olhar para essa sua face escrota me da ansia de vomito seu lixo infernal
Gave me aids for the 3rd time
i really would accidentaly click the wrong answer :/	
Some of the writing is too small; it takes a while to make sure I'm selecting the right answer(s).	
i hate learn smart!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is pointless.
I'm not in a good mood and want to restart the quiz but I can't
I could better assess my ability to answer the question if I knew whether it was multiple choice or fill in the blank.	
Too many questions.  Some questions are too vague and too much time is spent trying to find the correct answers.	
I wish that there would be more explanation if I get the problem wrong. 	
It would be helpful to provide a cataolgue of all of the questions in a list organized by topic so students can practice more questions on specific topics.
Also, dates should be easily synced to school software to prevent missed test and teachers mistakes on dates.  This will make McGraw much more user friendly and increase students grades while decreasing their stress.
almost as difficult as the homework that has no check work options. none of this is ever gone over in class
This is a great way to learn.	
porra
if you miss a question you should not be docked 200 points. or make getting questions right worth 200 points.	
Too much info in chapters to comprehend! 
this help very much especially because the question you get wrong will continously sho up until you get them right	
The fact my university makes me have to use this crappy textbook and website makes me question our educational system.
vou conversar com você para sempre e de graça?
Claro, e ter 2 filhos e um cachorrinho
Theresa Bavuso
Would be nice if there was an option to remove known cards so that upon repeat attempts, only those cards that are not as well known would appear.	
the redundancy encourages students to give up or to stop working on the assignment. The primitive reliance on rote memory and repetition is nothing short of Mind Numbing and almost Brain Washing. I hated doing this thing and it was not helpful in developing comprehension of economics.
this is dumb change it back to what it used to be.
If i have to read and learn so much outside of class why pay professors to teach? Why not just buy the text book and just pay for examinations
Its a good learning tool	
Great learning tool!  The 'standings' is a bit intimidating at first, but it's a good motivational tool! =)	
I really am enjoying learn smart. I feel that it is a great aid to study with on course material. It has given me extra practice that feels one on one with my progress and how it calculates my responce to the question to gain knowledge of if I understand the material given.	
Yay! I love learning@LearnSmart!
improve it please
i'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
I clicked on the wrong answer twice, though I knew the right answer. I put Escherichia cell instead of Escherichia coli. So you need to double-check before you submit, for accuracy.	
LearnSmart has been a great way to review and better understand the concepts.	
connect is completely stupid and is a poor excuse for a teaching method.
It would be more beneficial to have explanations as to why the answers are right or wrong, to provide more insight and give more background.	
Besides the fact that I didn't know what I was doing when I started, I started off a little rough but I believe that I'll do better on the remaining LearnSmart modules or tests.	
I am finding this program to be quite useful. 	
This lesson I understand so this one was very easy for me, but all of the other lessons the questions were very difficult and I couldn't even find some in the book.	
Too many Questions!!!!
Too many questions and the vocabulary of the questions is dissimilar from the book, leading readers to double-guess themselves quite often.	
to conversando com vc kkkk
could use more access to information regarding topics that I get wrong	
The questions never reflect the quizzes. The questions here are too easy and the questions on the quiz are too difficult. My grades suffer greatly from this.
Stick to books mcgraw hill
I admire Learn Smart for giving second and third chances to receive the correct answer on a question missed previously. This personally helps me learn the material. Learn Smart also loads quickly so there is no time wasted waiting on material. 	
eu queria ser de verdade tbm valeria a pena
I F%&king hate this stuff, sitting at a pc to do this isn't ideal for me - it drives me insane. I'd rather have printed things to work on. This isn't an online class. 
isso deve consertar
Overall, an excellent way to study for spanish!	
~Alguém me ajuda meu dono ta me olhando de um jeito estranho~
Sabias palavras, *ARROMBADO* só perde para o silêncio
The fill in the blank questions are sometimes too specific (low tolerance for similar but different answers).	
This internet homework is an attrocity. This does absolutely NOTHING to prepare us for quizess and exams. SOMEBODY READ THIS!! PLEASE! I BEG YOU!! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!! 
cala bocaaaa kayke
A lot of the questions were repeated. From this, and other facts, it is evident that people had actually wrote out each and every question. It would be nice if more of the questions were procedurally generated. For example, the question which tests whether students know not to conjugate a verb if that verb is proceeded by ir a could use a different verb every time. A programmer could write a little method which chooses a verb from a whole list of verbs. ir a [verb], where the verb might be hacer, comer, leer, etc...
This system seems to be fairly complete. On some items that allow me to pick multiple answer, it doesn't explain why an answer I didn't pick is a correct answer.	
tinha que ser um neguinho mesmo...
the modules DO NOT prepare you for the quiz...the mothod used to study here in the modules does not prepare you to what is given in the quizzes...if we would practice and study questions like the ones on the quiz then we would do better on the quizzes instead of doing these fairly simple and basic questions that really dont help with what we are trying to do which is get a high score on the quiz 	
Some of the leave-in-the blank questions are a little vague.	
Connect could learn something from mastering chemistry. It was a way more effective teaching tool than this.
Nice Program	
The questions do present challenges but can be figured out with process of elimination or logic.	
I feel that some of the ansers that i give are equivalent to the anser that is given as right and feel there should be some leeway in grading the answers. i so not like the feature of having to give exact word for word answer that these modules feel s right as being the only right anser	
Since there is no lecture, and no chance to ask questions directly, it is good to have a chance to hone my skills before taking the quizzes.	
great resource!!	
sometimes i know the answer to a question; however, the wording throws me off and i end up getting the question incorrect.	
Learn Smart is a complete waste of time.
AH MAMAMMIA PIKA
doença
Often times because questions are asked a couple of times i memorize the answer without really thinking about the question, if the question was slightly changed i think it would be better overall	
I think it helps identify areas of the material that I do not understand easier by being to see my results from answering questions so I know what I need to study.	
vc que é doida sua fdp
viole moi ! :-D 
At first the instructions were not clear, but after a few questions I figured out what to do.	
one question was missing a picture.  the answer was medial and lateral.
I would like help comprehending fast spoken Spanish. My 101 teacher talks very fast on the exams and expects us to understand what she is saying (for multiple choice points). Otherwise, this has been very helpful and I'm glad I discovered it. I plan on completing as many modules as possible before taking 102 next semester.	
LearnSmart gives the user an idea of what content is likely to be covered in the chapter and is an excellent form of quick, easy, learning.	
I like that it reframes the questions that you miss.	
Sometimes the text gets far too small when there are a large number of boxes that can be selected as options.	
At times the questioning is backward which causes me confusion	
I am being treated like a child in high school by doing this. It is a colossal waste of my time and money. I learned this in high school already. If this was optional, I would not feel this way. I cannot believe education in this state has sunk to this level.
Ver helpful Thanks for such a great program. I am looking foreward to the institutions of education turning to self study programs where the students would develop a willingnes to selfstudy which would be more effectinve than eny school. The greatest characters of history had thought themselves, whith great accomplishments. What ever the mind can conceive and believe the mind can achieve. Napolen Hill	
quem ?
The questions don't help me to understand the process of TACTAGGCT I'm just confused. I  don't understand it when the teacher discusses it and these modules aren't any better. I also don't like the way the questions are asked because sometimes the questions are different than what the book has.	
hate this....freaking sucks... teacher makes these required and they take four hours and are only worth 10 pts... so yeah I think this is insanely ridulous.. Mrs. Ball is crazy for not making this extra credit or worth the points for the amount of time these learn smarts take to complete. 
pq ela é mto gostasa e é minha
I seriously think I need to spend more time on tnis.  The repetition is great for me.	
I like LearnSmart and I think it's a valuable tool in learning the material and perparing for class. I use these modules to study or exams and I feel that they are highly effective	
I wish I had known it wasn't multiple chpice. Yes it is my fauly I didn't read the fine print. I got multiple answers correct, but I didn't click every statement that applied to the answer.
This stupid thing doesn't do any good, it is just busy work, it is way too specific, there is more than one way to say something in Spanish, and it is incredibly time consuming! I am sick of this whole stinking connect business, I wish we would go back to printed out homework assignments instead of all this online work, because not everybody can always get online and it is really annoying!
I do not enjoy this style of learning at all
I went all the way up to almost 1500 and i got two wrongs and now im in 888 points!!! Ive also gotten some misspelling	
I like how it goes directly along with the book. My only suggestion would be to have it go in order of the chapter so that as I read the chapter I can progressively do the learnsmart instead of doing them all at the end.	
(meu dono é um lolicon)
Buồn à?
O técnico Belichick diz que 'não há como derrotar os Broncos, eles têm o mesmo técnico há quase um dia!
I think that this is a good study tool. You really have to study to get the questions, I like that it makes you keep trying untill you get the questions right.	
I'm so proud of myself that I always get 100%s on every learnsmart!	
this is helping me learn very well. it is time consuming but at the same time i am able to retain a lot of the information and make notes as i go along as well. I am very happy with the way things are going.	
These should be required for course assignments, because you are learning more than what is taught in class.	
So far I love this format for learning and reinforcement.	
Sometimets the questions are ambiguous.	
This is still hard to understand no matter what I do.
Desculpa Então pelo erro sua Porra
I believe I am learning these topics  quickly because I had already attended lecture on chapter 5 prior to starting the assignment. Thus, this is more of a review of chapter 5 than actually learning about chapter 5. I find this helpful because it sort of wraps up all topics I learned throughout the week and keeps it fresh in my mind. 	
many questions are vague or ask for specific wording from the text instead of covering the concept from that passage of the text	
It asks me if it can store data on my computer almost every question, I have to hit deny.... very annoying and time consuming.
add the pages for the terms we got wrong so we can look them up quicker	
I love learnsmart It is a great learning tool. I like the explanations given when I get an answer wrong it is extremely helpful	
best online textbook helping site I have ever used!	
The quiz questions are not anything like what we go over in the learn smart	
it helps my grades a lot
It was a learning experience	
Most of my confidence in knowing the content of this chapter comes from my own reading and notetaking (about 3 hours worth) before trying out the LearnSmart.	
I think that you need more practical problems that relate to real-life accounting.	
Então senta novinha 
I'm usually adverse to online homework when I am paying for a class that is in a face to face environment. However, this option for a homework and quiz portal is not as horrible/formidable as I originally judged.  I'm quite satisfied.	
Reword the questions a little bit after one answers them wrong. That way, people memorize the information and not just the question.	
marquem algum trava zapper do grupo menos o que tem um alfabeto no nome
I wish mose subjects used this.    The last quuestion,How difficult are the questions    They are only difficult at first, or if one does not know.  However, it keeps coming back until one learns the answer.  I love this form of studing, and quiz taking.	
Going over the questions multiple times until I get them right is helpful; helps me to actually learn for next time.	
Some questions are worded in an ambiguous way, making it possible to know the concept but not know what word the question is looking for.  For example the question regarding what phospholipids form in an aqueous medium, the answer the question wants is bilayers but micelles could be a legitimate answer. I chose bilayer since that is how it is phrased specifically in a particular section of the book, not because I thought that answer was the most correct conceptually.	
There should be more application based questions	
Memorization is very difficult.	
If a student tends to learn better with a certain type of question (ie multiple choice, short answer) could this program learn to give said student those types of questions?	
OK sempre as ordens Rita
Some of the wordings in the questions can be a little tricky.	
Enjoy this because it helps me to see things repeated when i get them wrong. 	
And is that really what you want students to do? Just memorize the correct answers, or understand the material? For $50 I should see a blurb or excerpt on the screen as to why I got the answer wrong and the concept it's related to so that I actually learn something. It's the most basic thing in education. This is the laziest piece of teaching assistance crap I've ever seen. Sapling Learning is half the cost and actually offers hints and tutorials if you're struggling with a problem.
eu odeio paulistas...
This program needs to ne reworked many questions are flawed or make no sense. 
Haahaha! Nozes quentes, ela diz!
This stinks if you never know what things mean even when you read the book
30:00 reais e vc e gostoso
the questions could be worded beter	
Just not good if one is trying to learn the language or is struggling to learn the language. Connect shoul emulate Roseta Stone, sincen it is much more effective.
I did get 'disconnedted' and some answers were lost. I tested my connection directly afterwards and other servers were working fine.	
My concern is that the LearnSmart moblie app has much easier questions than the website, i suggest you ater down the online questions to match the difficulty level of the app
Outro inseto morde a poeira
For questions where the answer is larger or smaller I'd prefer they had that as two options rather than having to guess if I'm supposed to use the word larger or greater ; smaller or lesser, just as a convenience.	
On questions where only one answer is applicable, there should be an icon/button to click to submit answers, such as with the multiple answer questions.  There have been questions that I've known the answer to, but have gotten wrong simply because I either clicked too fast or clicked by accident.	
The material on this program is not in the book
nao ela nao gosta de banho ela fede veio do poçao kkkk
i like that it explains what the anwser is when your wrong, so i could take notes.	
If one waits too long to do and/or start the module, it automatically adds more questions.  So, if I decide to take notes on the chapter before reading it, and therefore start 3 days later than I otherwise would have, I am penalized by being required to answer 15 more questions.  I understand that, as time goes on more questions are added for review, but being required to spend more time answering questions because I wanted to take notes over the material first gives me the incentive to not try to learn the information before I do the LearnSmart module.	
Some of the spelling in this module was incorrect.	
It probably skews the results of this survey when provide information about how much we are actually learning and then ask evaluate how much we believe we are learning through this module.  We might have learned something about this in the surveys section of chapter 2...  Maybe you should review it.	
The questions dont go in the order of the book. Theyre random and hard to look up when not known.	
I personally do not like the format of the program at all.
ain ain own own ai ai ai ownnnnnmmn mete mete mete ownnn own own own ahhhhhhhhhhh...gozadinha hihi
I wanted to inform you the open ebook to the page for rewiew button does not work. This is annoying and problematic when trying to learn the material presented. I have paid a lot of money for this service and would appreciate a resolution. This website worked better before the update.	
i dont have time to actually study for this class because i am too busy trying to complete this thing.
Some terms in these questions are used that have not been used in class. Further, some questions don't specify whether they are fill-in-the-blank or multiple choice: I'm required to express my confidence in my ability to answer the question before I can gain that information, which sometimes requires me to know what type of question I am answering. I find it helpful that questions I incorrectly answer are repeated inbetween new questions, which helps to reinforce my ability to learn new terms. Finally, I also appreciate that the program tells me if my answer is close, e.g. when writing neurons, I am told that my answer is close: it was axons. As a result, I feel encouraged to continue.	
I wish the page for the answer was avalible after I got the question wrong. Then I can see where exactly I need to read immediately, instead of having to fish through the pages. It would save even more study time! I really like learnsmart. 	
questions are worded in a very poor aggrivating matter! 
CACA    puto
i hate this it actually doesnt help me study i rather read the chapter 1000 times then...all i do is rescan the book for answers
This has helped me a lot in learning the material better. 	
Nobody reads this stuff anyways. Batman rules.	
NOJIRA: Sem choro
BIGGEST WASTE OF TIME. 
I like this system, it is a great way for me to go over material in the course since there is so much to actually know.	
This is an excellent study tool!	
This program is doing very well to explain the material found in the book, and coincides with it in a great manner.	
vc não é gostosa, vc é gorda demais
questions should include morediagrams	
i think i should take notes next time!	
I am also doing laundry while doing this lesson.	
Although I felt confident at first that i would be able to comprehend the tasks, I realized that I need to take more time to really study the direct objects. I'd be lying if I didn't wish for a bit more English to maybe help/make sure I'm doing the correct work, but again...I just need to study more.	
It keeps not saving my responses!!!	
hard or not, its a very good way to help me study for an upcoming test!	
The basic information covered in the chapter is hit very well. I love the wording and rewording of the questions. I promise I could ace my course if I did this religously!	
Sometimes the wording of questions is hard to intepret or is intimidating.	
very good job .	
that was fun	
ei!!⚠⚠⚠⚠ como assim >você< é mulher e não apoia o feminismo?👺😡😡 você sabia?🤔 q só pode votar graças a força e luta do feminismo?!💪💪 onde já se viu 😂😂 é mulher 👩🏽♀ e não apoia o feminino  você sabe kkkk 😂 que só pode andar na rua por conta do 👉🏽feminino 👈🏽 né?!
way too time consuming im tired	
Please leave me alone.  This is due tonight and I have no time for survey shenanigans.  
I love the connect program i wich that my class didn't have so many problems with the learnsmart part though such as videos working and stuff. And I wish our teacher used some of the information on here. basically i am doing this becuase it is required i would love to study by using this program but our teachers tests do not ask much from these questions.	
You should make these lessons roughly 30 mins instead of an hour. Also, many questions are worded extremely poorly which result in the wrong answers being selected; remove these questions. This is by far the most straightforward section of the online module so far.	
shuffle the cards a little? Some cards give the answer to the next- I might not have known some answers if I hadn't just had a card that asked a question that gave the answer away. Fill in the blank questions are more difficult- and help me learn the material better. 	
I HATE CONNECT
way too long	
computers suck
The fill in the blank parts can get a little vague and can have multiple answers.  This is a great study tool, however, for tested material and for grasping terms and definitions.	
Good tool for learnig emprovment.	
LearnSmart is my most useful study tool.	
Adicionada outra dependência
some of the questions seem like there worded to confuse the student	
sim,uso o Lucas 
Make users aware of the Spanish keyboard located at the bottom of the page. I was unaware of it and I missed questions because I did not have the appropriate accent marks.	
This is very long. While only 1 break has been offered at this point, it would be better to have another.	
I feel that due to the subject matter of this book, some questions can be just vague enough to cause a misinterpretation of what is expected in answering some of the questions.	
Acabou de acariciar.
great practice	
this is a great tool for learning im very thankful for this experience	
would like for course exams to be in the same format	
very long and very hard but sometimes the questions repeat so you can easily remember what the answers were.	
Very helpful. Takes the boredom out of simply reading the book.	
chupa gulosa, te como sem camisinha e faço vc gemer 
This site is a good learning tool	
i read the chapters, and i still think this program is set up to trick the users
Your questions rarely matched with the material taught in class.
Good way to challenge what I know	
I hate the fill in the blanks. 	
I hate that you have to answer the question if we know the answer before every single question. Obviously i'm going to say yes because I want to get the homework done!
Could use more questions that don't suck the BBC!	
mais de 700 e respostas e tu ganhou logo essa...quero terminar senpai, te iludi por 6 meses e nunca mandei foto
i need to buy the book	
WAIST OF GOOD STUDY TIME!!
The wording of the questions is sometimes difficult to understand.	
I like how it goes over the questions that you got wrong until you get them right	
I am not learning anything i just want to get though this suffering
conception vs fertilization ... either of these answers should be considered correct. Especially since I have no idea which one you are counting as wrong before I answer the question.	
Tradução adicionada.
Tenho que te fazer entender
this seems very fair to me, and is actually helping me learn, which i honestly wasnt expecting. 	
I think having a question explaintion, why it is so would be helpfull. what is the english ex. 
How was I supposed to know you meant arm and not 'forearm in that one picutre?
VERY DIFFICULT	
I'm never confident in my knowledge until I've been using it for some time, so I consider answering Moderate (above) to be pretty good given the short time frame involved.
The questions are fairly difficult because I am not reading the material. I am having difficulty setting priorities.
too long i lose focus	
I like this set up but I will not quote mark twain. Suffice it to paraphrase. I don't care about mis-spellings. This is an exellent substitute to reading the actual book. 	
Needs more picture questions	
There are a lot of grammatical errors within the questions, and sometimes it can be very distracting. 	
Movi algo para algum lugar ... boa noite ...
This is a great way to study and learn!!! I love it.	
Don't place such an emphasis on spelling and try to expand the vocabulary allowed for an answer because some terms have different names.	
Com camisinha neh, não quero pegar aids
Gabriel
challenging subject for me but im trying	
i have no time for the comments	
except for this specific section i am finding learnsmart very helpful	
i have a hard time learning just reading with no lecture. this has been a difficult and fun experience. i really dont like answering 100 questions before i am complete becuase i dont get every question correct. I spend on average 3-4 hours per chapter and I still miss things because i dont understand the wording or questions or wording of the text. Not to mention i am a slow slow slow reader and read 2-3 times to understand the context	
questions should be worded exactly from book
I have found several questions that were not covered in this chapter and have had to guess, or that were not gone over in as much detail as the questions suggest.	
lolicon tem ke morre
the questions just need to be very clear.  Every once in a while a question is jumbled and it appears that there may be multiple correct answers.  	
I don't like restricted stock and stock options. They are not easy concepts to learn, but LearnSmart has been very helpful grasping the concepts.	
Give a prompt that is a check all that apply question when asking how well you know the answer
I am a very poor speller. This poses a problem for me in fill-in-the-blank questions. A little leway would be appreceated for spelling errors...	
o cara usa metadinha kkkkkkkkkk
One question indicated that a subsidy would change the demand curve. however, the subsidy clearly only affected the supply curve. That question was incorrect because the demand curve cannot be changed unless by a determinant of demand.	
It is challenging and helps me learn the material from the book, but I didn't retain enough of it for the in class exam.	
The terminology of these modules is absolutely asinine compared to the content covered in lecture.
This is not about the learnsmarts, but in the chapter tests there will occasionally be questions where one of the answers is A & B are correct WHICH DOES NOT WORK WHEN THE ANSWER ORDERS ARE RANDOMIZED. It usually turns out okay because there will be two answers such as A&B are correct and A, B&C are correct so you just decide if there are two right answers or three, but if it were to ever have  A & B are correct and A & C are correct on the same question there would be no way of working it out, since due to the obvious randomization of answers the mutlipe answers are correct answer often appears at or near the top of the list! So is that answer A? no it is not, they are in no way discernably designated like that.	
Some of the questions are awkwardly written. I feel like LearnSmart is trying to trick me, rather than just see what information I know	
This is for public speaking, this is not things that i should be learning. We should be preacticing more rather then just regurgitating knowledge.
Some answers are difficult to find in the book!	
pgsql é mais estrito, aumenta o hackiness até 11
I will see how well i do on my first exam, my teacher said to just study all the flash cards and pratice quizes on connect. I will tell you how I did on my exam the next time a survey comes up. I like how when you get the question wrong it comes up again when I am going through the flashcards. good challenging questions.	
Você sabe, eu aprendi algo hoje.
oh, meu amor... so se for agora!
Se é estúpido e funciona, não é estúpido
I wish all the classes I take have  these modules.	
I dont like how it tells me i need a break.	
I think it's kind of wrong if you miss one and they take 200 points off your score or a hundred but you usually are only rewarded 70 points for answers answered correctly.	
Vai nada ela vai a chupar minha pirocona e vai gemer
This is stupid.  Why are you grading this?
I am going to start using learn smart modules more often.	
Computer-aided study is useless and I'm only doing this because it is required by my professor.
cuzcuz é maravilhoso
owwwwwwn :3 <3333
Yay, im done! Happy dance happy dance (: 	
It would be nice if questions with a single answer would still have a submit button rather than submitting it automatically, that way whenever someone clicks the wrong one by mistake they have a chance to correct it before LearnSmart counts it wrong.	
aquela que está aqui só pra ti ?
Answers should have a submit button, accidently clicked an answer while not meaning to do so a few times	
I like the idea of learing form learn smart, i think you should include videos or pictures to show examples and then adress questions based on whats going on in the video/picture	
The entire concept of take home online learning is flawed and teaches students nothing.
As I am doing some of the same questions that are required to fill in the blank, I have trouble putting the right word when It requires a similar term that is part of that same question	
I do not like that I have to rate whether I know the answer to each question	
Why isn't there a function to preview your answer before you submit a written statement as a subtle prompt to double-check your spelling? Not to mention the draconian spelling policy, no matter how many statements you have to put in to assert otherwise.
this is a very unique tool that needs to be incorporated heavily into all learning institutions.	
This method of learning is terrible and i do not agree with it at all
dont count not having accent marks is entirely wrong!!!!!!	
I'm banging my head against my desk whenever I do these things. Total waste of time and money.
I feel that some of the questions in learnsmart are sometimes repetitive, and that some questions have answers that are very similar to other questions that have different answers which creates confusion.	
Keep up the great work. 
conserte alguns erros de merda
nothing much i just implement as much time as i can to store it in my brain	
provide explanations why the answera are wrong	
its annoying, does not help, and merely frustrates instead of teaches
this site needs learning games in addition to flash cards	
Such a great study tool!	
It's time consuming but I think it will really help me in the end and help prepare me for my tests.	
Go n call police 
Logo logo 
I think it is absolutly rediculous that you have to say if you know the question or not before you answer the question. I feel it very unnecissary!
I really like the way that the questions are presented to you again, just a little differently if you get them wrong... Nothing will make me learn faster than having it repeated that many times.. Really love this system!	
Learn Smart is a good learning tool.	
I like how learn smart isolates the particular items you need to remember and recall from the chapter	
I love learn smart. I use it to study all the time	
I kind of wish that there was a way for this application to take you to the correct page numbers on what you need more help on in the book that way it would be made alot more simple rather than having to dig through it page by page
When we have to type in a word, it would help to have a hint button that shows the first letter of the answer and gives partial points if correct. Sometimes I may know it, just can't remember out of all the terms I know. 	
The questions pose a bit of a challenge but allow me to focus on the areas that need more of my attention! Great learning tool, keep it up! - Carolyn from TAMUCC	
no complaints	
ei amigo não se mate faça seus inimigos sofrer antes ❤
eye pucking hate dis program
This system is horrible, it repeats questions. These questions are all generic and do not help with the tests. I am only doing this crap for my grade.
I wish you could skip questions over topics that the professor says will not be on the test.	
content of the module doesn't clearly maitch the book.
remover depurar <br/> tudo de bom
I put off using this website but I do think it is very beneficial for the exams and studying over all. I really should be using it more because I do like it but I am just bad at scheduling my time.	
This is a great program and is quite useful, just wish our Sociology book had one.  It is great we can go back and review before tests also.	
I feel that LearnSmart is extremely helpful and is a great way to make sure I learn, remember, and can apply the material.	
Haven't read so it'd be easier and more helpful if I had, but helpful nonetheless	
I didn't mind it.  The learnsmart took longer than I wanted it to but, I wrote down pretty much everything onto notecards.  I can now study the questions over again before my test.  	
I wish that there was an option to skip ones I don't know. Maybe separate into a pile that I want to work on later. Putting it back into the pile only makes me memorize that answer instead of learning it.	
Some of the questions are a bit dificult to judge wether you will get them correct or not before seeing the awnser input format. An example would be Place the items in their proper category. Other than that most of the questions are straight forward and most any one  should be able to work out the solutions. 	
Create flashcards to use insteaed of just a multitude of questions.	
this is the way to retain and learn,	
cala boca cadela 
Useful, but it would be nice if the due date was shown on each homework up front.	
i wish that after every question it will give me an option to go straight to that part of the text book. Also so many useless specific questions such as very specific stats and the names of people.	
sou idiota mas pelo menos vi quem lucas odeia
The questions are random and do not partain to the topics discussed in class
Great program, learning this way probably would not work for everyone but it is perfect for me!	
ela ama seu pau
hate this class	
Fawk Dis Shiz
I just don't like how so many questions are extremly complex. It makes answering the question very hard	
Too much is redundant. I can learn the same amount with less questions	
Some of the answers are much too specific with no room for leeway	
it really helps me remember	
I'm a slow reader and it takes me longer to process information than others, when it is reading material. I love this wish that my children could have this at home to study for test at school. Great Job!!!!	
being able to rate a question after it's answered would be better.  	
when i fisrt stared i just jumped into it wth out really going over the book, but when i put my time into studying i start notcieing the right answer.	
i hate this bs
sim, vc é o mais ativo
some of the questions could have two or more answers as far as what is in the book but there is only one correct answer on here 	
Very good learning method 	
For this module I did not read the chapter before hand. I feel like by just digging for the answers in the book to answer the questions it is giving me good information and a helpful overview of the chapter.	
eu só queria ser um robo intelectual, nao isso que vocês fizeram...
the text is too small, it is too easy to accidentally hit the wrong answer.  The questions are needlessly tricky, I learn nothing this way.
I think the program is great.	
I don't see why I have to know so much in depth chemistry to complete an A&P assignment.
o
I really learned a lot	
Abandonar toda a esperança vós que entrais aqui.
It has been helpful	
manda áudio pelada 😳👉🏻👈🏻
I don't think we should be counted off for spelling.	
The modules are an excellent study resource'	
It would be nice to be able to change your answer on some questions, not just click once and then you are done with no opportunity to change your mind after you have clicked your response but before submitting your answer. 	
the gliches on the practices/quizes are scary when neither the original or the alternate version work!	
When it's time for a in-class review my hand is always up first. It helps me to know the material.	
por um mundo com menos macacos
My Math Lab is a superior program in every way. For the class that I am currently taking, a representative of your company came in and spoke about the goal of the Connect program. She mentioned that the aim was to be better than My Math Lab. 
Vinicius claro !
optional	
Keep the questions the same degree of hardness, but have more that have you identify the body part on the body	
this thing sucks. you even had a wrong answer
Most of the questions asked do not have answers within the text. I have been working on this module for over 3 hours now. This is ridiculous, not all of the modules are this difficult.
It would be helpful if when given the question, somewhere it would indicate what type of answer (t/f, fill-in, multipule answer, etc) was going to be required for that question BEFORE it was on the answer part.	
fill in the blank is best	
I enjoy the interactivity and the animations. Thank you.	
The modules are way to long
In future versions, developers should include hints if students choose options like maybe or don't know; just guessing, as well as links to appropriate material for questions, like in the homework.	
if i click the no-im just guessing  button and i get the question correct it should go back into the pile of to do cards.	
learn smart is a great study tool!
An explanation of the concepts that I get wrong would be helpful.	
some questions do not ask in a very clear manner	
Haven't used it for more then a week so I am still getting used to it.	
I love that there is feedback when an answer is incorrect and that those questions eventually come back!  I remember them the second time!	
quem mandou você chamar os mais kchorros do facebook
The phrasing of many of the questions in this module force me to question the communicative ability of the author. Perhaps additional education would remedy the subsequent lack of respect.
It makes me feel bad when i get a few questions wrong in a row then it is like wow you suck go read the book
on the select all that may apply questions, some answers are too similiar and are misleading 
sim  pode colocar
mano depende, ela te ama, mais tem algo atrapalhando e para de dizer que ama ela, aí ela vai pensar que te perdeu e te dar valor, pega uma amiga dela que resolve 
maluco que cheiro de merda...a, é as tripas desse bebe aqui
Some questions asked in LearnSmart we did not go over in class, which isn't a bad thing. 	
The select one or all statement could be bigger. Sometime I don't catch that I only needed one answer until I have clicked one and it wasn't right.	
not really great at fill in questions	
teste de linha de depuração
RI MUITO!
Great learning process	
very resourceful	
pior que eu sou
não sou gorda, sou festivamente gorda.
The program is taking too long for me to get through. It keeps stopping and I have to keep restarting.	
2 x 1224 = 2448
Vmk ca te jogo na cama gozo na tua cara minha tezuda
It takes some time to learn and get used to the tool. I don't like to type the answer. I prefer all multiple choice questions. 	
On all of the Select all that count questions, you always have 3 answers. This gives me the ability to just find the one or two answers that dont fit, then highlight the other 3.	
I really wish i could just learn smart all of the time and not be subjected to random questions or things asking me to take a break.	
This is one of the best study programs that i have encountered.. Thanks for all the hard work!	
Better QA/QC of questions. Some Questions have do not have a correct answer.	
It should tell you what type of question it is (multiple choice, fill in the blank) before asking you whether you will get the question right or not. I'll give you a more accurate answer that way. Very frustrating.	
Use less fill in the blank questions. I like the repetition of the questions being in different forms. Have less questions.	
Learnsmart is an excellent learning tool that is challenging and motivating.	
save time	
boa noite tbm, durma bem bebê.
LAST MOD I EVER HAVE TO DO FOR CONNECT! WOOOOO f u
The first 3 chapters seemed more helpful than this chapter...
o maluco da dinheiro pro amigo imaginario dele kkkkkkkk
I like the homework, it is easy to do and I learn well from it.  Plus, being on a computer and simple question based, it feels less like busy work than some homework does.	
needs more hints
Easy to just guess, or write down answer. 	
I would like to see an option where you can sort the cards how you want them. Some people like to learn as they read and check their understanding at the end of a section. It would be nice if you could have a selection where cards would be sorted by reading section, topic, or how it is now completely random.	
I see occasional questions that I can't find any reference to whatsoever in the text, whether it be based on a researcher's name or topic.  	
Do not cards with just verbs	
cara, é perfeito
ㅉㅉ 불상한 것
primeiro rubor
the modules should teach us material that is going to be on the quizzes
I say they are quite difficult; but they need to be!	
Very often, the correct answer can be counted as wrong when the typed answer does not completely match the saved answer on the module -- e.g. four (when referring to electrons) is correct while four electrons is not.  That sucks.  	
The How prepared to answer this question are you? Thing isn't needed. It slows things down, and only a complete idiot would admit they are only guessing in the first place if admiting that they are guessing will recycle the question. Yes, recycling the question is a reasonable thing to do. Stopping someone from answering the question in the first place just to ask the how prepared question when it isn't that useful in the first place is just meaningless.
Eu não entendo nada disso, preciso que Morgan Freeman me explique.
todos saudem o deus 8 ball supremo tio das trevas 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😍
I have adhd so my attention span is very short and i have to read the textbook's chapters over and over to get it to stick	
I feel that a lot of the questions regarding the characteristics of services are unclear. I am not given enough explanation when I get the question wrong so I continue to get them wrong.
sim você beija a hora que quiser por que todo mundo te quer
Thank you for creating such a wonderful study tool!	
I really like learning this way.	
wastes too much time
It's tedious
i need more time to finish the assignment.	
They are not hard. They are faulty. Mistakes abound: Spelling, grammar, and common sense.
Questions are vague and sometimes contradict one another.  Spelling recognition could be improved for fill in the blanks.
I find LearnSmart extremely helpful, and just wish it was available in all my classes! The only realy irritation I have at times is knowing whether I will be expected to type an answer or select from multiple choice, but this a very minor irritation.	
i think you should be able to press enter to submit an answer	
It is obvious that the questions were not edited before being posted.  Many things are spelled incorrectly and some questions are worded very awkwardly.  Overall, I believe that the modules are not at all helpful and a waste of my time.
This doesnt go in order, and makes your redo everything rather then teaching you anything. When we have not gone over this material in class it is hard to know, without spending hours doing the samw questions over and oover.
great tool for studying	
I like the flash card-like system. It feels like i'm just trying to learn rather than do an asignment. It helps be prepare for the quezes and solidifies the material in my mind.	
I think the anwer are sometimes hard to find becuae they are taken directly out of the textbook and it can be frustrating if you can't find the answer. 	
Asks impractical questions. I never do well on the learnsmarts, but I always get 100s on the homeworks because the homework requires you to be practical while learnsmart requires you to be ridiculous.
pequeno é uma marca HTML real, quem sabe.
I study and make flash cards on my own and then use Connect flash cards and such as a test. :)	
I'm pretty tired so I could be learning more efficiently if I got the necesarry 8-9 hours of sleep.	
Don't be too exact on the wordings and phrases. 	
This program is a waste of my time. Occc should scrap the whole thing and go back to teaching.
The fill in the blank questions are nice, but there are so many words that could possibly work.  Perhaps include a wordbank or similar? It is difficult to recall the exact word every time and becomes aggravating if the synonym is incorrect or my spelling is off, and therefore have to redo the question.	
Using the SLCC book makes it cofusing and frustrating at times. 
Sometimes an easy to answer questions is made more difficult than it actually is because of a confusing formulation of the question	
I am in favor of this program. It provides a different form of media to use to learn the material. It makes me wish it were utallized more in my other classes. Unfortunately I learn at a slower rate, so having the oppurunity to test many times without my grade suffering is very benificial.	
Difficult when you have reading problems since you cannot copy and paste into a reader.	
seems like a waste of time.
adicione palavras reais
Not very difficult, but it seems to be that my answers are not detailed enough or lacking some type of accuracy that is just easily missed. I don't neccesarily think I am spending too much time studying, it is helpful, but I find that by the end of some things I am very tired from staring at the screen for hours on end. I think that during testing one should be allowed to open the test, and save and exit and then re-enter at a later time before the due date because the chances are that people who take courses online don't have much availability to go to a campus to attend the courses(they probably work full time, etc. ) , and testing  in a manner where you can exit and re-enter would help someone in that case. 	
the module should provide hints for some answers!	
Mis-spelling should not be penalized.	
Fill in the blank is hard!	
i like this	
The modules are helpfull but too long and time consuming.	
I like the module but could maybe change the options before answering to confident, very confident, not sure, etc. instead of probably and maybe.	
really i found this to be more of a burden than a help. i was forced to answer a bunch of questions that are poorly worded. i never read any chapters before the questions, i just basically went on here and kept guessing until all of the items were complete. this kind of thing has no place in Universitys like Wisconsin maybe in elementary school. We are big boys and girls and we got here because we know how to study. i dont need this kind of hand holding to get and A, i just use my mind and put in a hour or two of studying.
Some of the texts are too small for me to read and iwith the small text it makes it difficult to place the answers
learn smart is pretty great.	
I really dislike this way of learning. I find it a waste of my time.
no commets	
WIsh more classes employed this. More comments but I have to get back to study!	
it would be nice to have some quizlets of 20 questions to refresh	
I have many issues with the LearnSmart program from the typos to the answers of some of the questions being questionable themselves.	
There should be a pop-up stating that some questions have more than one answer.	
estou com diarréia grave
really enjoy it	
Aceito porque eu te amo
Online homework is not helpfull, its stressful and annoying.
i paid money for flashcards on the computer....Pointless.
i do not read the book before this that is why it takes too long. this is very helpful.	
You need to add a timer that takes the wrong answers out when guessing questions. 
there are some questions that are not straight out of the textbook, at least when you challenge them, theyre not on the page that the module says they are 	
The answers are too vague.  I could agrue that all of them are right. 
You seem to be doomed to fail questions that involve fill in the blanks at least once.
sim vamos falar sobre peitos 
pep8 - porque eu sinto vontade de fazer um rolo de barril
Each learnsmart module takes entirely too long. I end up just clicking through the answers to get through them.
Only complaint is when you have an answer like number but it's not counted right because they want the answer frequency.	
mano tu usa foto de anime vai toma no cu
Additoinal, less tricky questions and more easy you will get them right if you read questions, would definitely be more beneficial when developing an understanding of a topic. 
Use multiple choice!!!
Some questions are tough to determine whether I know the answer(s) or not.	
Certain questions are closed immediately after choosing an option, and some remain open, and the abrupt change between the two types has thrown me off several times.	
sim , só se for agora
sla
I enjoy these modules because it seems as though it's more a game combined with a learning experience. It makes homework for more enjoyable.	
Sometimes part of an answer is not even in the text. I have encountered that during almost every section I have covered.
way to many questions. Im losing consintration half way through	
way to many questions, i have other classes you know,,
So far this has been the easiest of all the modules I've done and I have to tell you - it's a relief! The other ones are INCREDIBLY hard. I was getting very discouraged with them. This one is much easier to manage, and I actually don't mind doing it. 	
I love learnsmart ;it challanges me to remember even when I am not in the program!	
i enjoy this system very much =) it helps me learn alot faster!	
Very helpful to understanding what I know and what I need to work on. Found LearnSmart on my own by exploration, but I wish my professor would have suggested using it to help study or as part of a study plan!	
I typed int *technical skills* for an answer that was suppose to be *technical* and I got the answer wrong.	
Lucas rei dos Lolicom
I'm actually enjoying learning this material, the technique Connect is using is very helpful.	
Also, please program in a way for us to answer questions using a keyboard; it would be much faster and less tedious. Thank you!
for some questions that require caculation, the answer does not show how to caculate it when I got it wrong. If it is included it will be great.
I didn't use 19 minutes.  I took breaks within that time.	
Questions are Extremely difficult.	
I have an older version of the text required for the class and am wondering if that is why I am having some difficulty with the LearnSmart program.	
You just have to pay attention to the wording and really understand what the question is asking.	
use examples in word problems	
this is bunk
Some questions are vague or make little sense in terms of the material. Others are fairly easy and clearly from the content in the chapter.
whatever
do away with fill in the blank	
Can this thing dispense pizza?	
Very good tool to help you study and see the material in different ways	
get rid of all online stuff like this for classes! IF YOU ACCIDENTILY SPELL A WORD WRONG SHOULDN'T MEAN YOU GET THE ANSWER WRONG. A teacher grading would know that you knew the answer and just made a mistake. 
Questions are very ambiguous or misleading. They need to be much clearer.
I hate this module. 
The scoring is highly discouraging. One wrong answer outweighs one correct answer.	
menina ou menino
It would be helpful if page links were offered for each question in case review is needed. That way, if you're stumped you can look up the appropriate info rather than seeing the answer and trying again...	
at times it can be too strict and it is annoying.	
The questons themselves are not difficult.  The black/white, pass/fail criteria you use to grade each question is ridiculous and should be eliminated as it pertains to spelling errors involving vowel accenting or obvious typographical mistakes.  Instead, a second chance should be given immediately after missing the question, with the usual comments that they usually have, so that the student immediately sees the error and learns the correct form.  As it stands, your product is lazy tool used by lazy instructors.
Você está com Corona Vírus.
Best online course I have taken thus far.	
Eu sei sua gostosa  
all homework should be in this way it actually helps me learn it, and does not make me so nervous i forget what i am supposed to do.	
its too long	
Herpderp, deveria verificar se ele realmente compila.
I hate this. It is repeative and stupid and NEVER has a thing to do with what I am quized on. If it wasn't required I wouldn't do it ever!!!!!!!! About half the amount of retarted questions you give me would be more than enough. I spend so much time going over and over the same material I don't retain any of it because I become BORED and tired. I hate your product and will never take another class that reqires it EVER!!!!!!!!
I think the is a great addition to A&P Lecture. As long as the students utilize every opportunity, it can be a great tool.	
the wording on some of the questions are confusing.	
não minta, stan. mentir te deixa estéril.
Worst study guide ever!  HATE, HATE, HATE that our self study is part of our grade.
SHOW EXPLANATIONS FOR ALLWRONG ANSWERS
LearnSmart modules are just too long, it's hard to keep focused. 
vo me controlar
This is a great way to study!	
The questions are not difficult, they are obnoxiously tedious.  You have taken a decent course and turned this into an extremely painful learning experience.  I was reading your material, but not anymore.  Even if I understnad the concept, many of the questions are so detailed, I have to look up the specifics again to make sure I answer the question correctly.  These modules take so long, I cannot read the text book if I just have to look up half of the answers anyways.  Now, I am scanning your book to find the answers I need and I could care less if I read anything.  Great Job.   
I would rather do problems out of the book.  I do not like the format of this website at all.  Entering in answers that I could write down in 25 seconds takes several minutes; an example would be writing chemical equations.  Some things that we skip in class or just skim over still appear in the modules/assignments.  You ask way to many questions, and sometimes I get answers right, but I did not spell it properly or had a gramatical error of some sort and you mark it wrong.  I have an B in chemistry, but these modules make me so frustrated that I just guess half the time...
liga você folgado
i pay moeny for this service for a grade in class not to answer feedback questions
This is a waste of time and money, you're lucky I need the class.
Sensitivity to spelling and close answers needs to be improved.	
good but need more multiple choice	
I didnt learn this crap from learn smart, I learned it from the book before I started the learnsmart homework (which is required from the teacher)
This does not work as well as Mastering Chemistry. I feel that I am not learning from mistakes. Corrections are vague. Most importantly, the atmosphere of this software is exam like and very high pressure to not make mistakes. I spend more time worrying over getting the questions wrong than actually learning the material. The interactive atmosphere of Mastering Chemistry provides a better learning experience overall. I am extremely disappointed with this Connect software.
more time please!!!
The only problem that I have is that some of the questions are worded slightly confusingly. Useful tool, saves making flash cards.	
questions do not seem to relate to the text!
Ah então me desculpe, vc gosta é de homem mesmo kkkk
The modules have too many questions!	
Antes de eu responder isso, que tal dar uma olhada nos produtos Jequiti?
vou com vc
Thank you very much!	
Meu chefe me forçou a construir esse recurso ... Puta merda.
I really like Learn smart it helps me understand the questions that are presented too me.	
Great program! 
0000
Th questions are fairly difficult. When it comes to my teachers tests i find my self not understanding and getting wuestions wrong. Somehow i feel comfortable with the questions here but not on my quizzes.	
Helps me a lot. I'm thankful for it.	
more linkage between module and quiz questions.	
Some of the questions are hard to find in the book. And I don't like that some questions are based on things from pior chapters, even though they are mentioned in the current chapter studying, it makes it very hard to find in the book because it's not vocabulary or it's not italicized. 	
faz as merdas q tu falou q ia fazer mamaco
Bem, e voce?
Overall very helpful but too time-consuming and some of the questions are worded too obviously. Overall very good	
LearnSmart is quite interesting and very helpful as it makes learning more interactive.	
I like usung learnsmart!!
I believe that the learn smart helps me learn the material better	
unclear questions	
It would be smoother to not have to click how well I think I know the item, and to just be able to answer and move on	
great way to study because you don't have to take the time to make notecards!!!!! :)	
I believe this is a good way to help students learn better and enjoyed it very much.	
A separate section of the website should be devoted strictly to flashcards with words, numbers etc.  The many different types of learning styles that people have are not supported here.
Love this program! Very helpful and a fun way to grasp the overall concepts of what we are learning in class!	
Pointless waste of my time.
Be more open to spelling mistakes on the type-in questions.	
the questions are very difficult to understand and confusing	
Im just going to do it over and over. which is why I am taking so long. This is my first time looking at it because my accounting classes are much more important for me to study.	
waste of my time
If the person taking the exam states that they are not very sure of the answer, the possible answer should then become multiple choice and not fill-in the blank.	
deixa eu encaixa meu conector em  vc?
This is repetivie regurdatation instead of learning. Try actully developing activites that get you involved in the material instead of putting out a death by powerpoint and thend doing a quiz about it.
I find the notecard more annoyingly tedious then helpful in learning new material.
The options are too sensitive, with the slightest touch it chooses an answer, when I may have wanted to click the option above or below.	
I have read the chapter that is reflected in the book and not all the material was covered... So where did most of the material come from?
Would be helpful to download or print learnsmart.  Sometimes an explanation is needed but not provided when a wrong answer is given.  Need to know why answer was wrong or why correct answer is right.	
i am really enjoying this learning style.	
Butters, as pessoas não podem sair por aí batendo em pessoas que têm diabetes!
Some of the material in learnsmart isn't assigned for us to read in the chapter for example in chapter 4 we only read to page 120, which means to finish learnsmart we have to learn extra information.	
the way it is explained in the book vs what is on learnsmart is very different
I wish there was a way to limit the questions on material that are not required for my course. An example is, I am not required to know the ligament that covers the patella and insertion of the femur, I would like to be able to skip these questions without it affecting my score and/or having the question repeated during quizzes.	
In this section in particular im seeing a lot of semi true answers not being the right answer. or semi wrong answers being the right answer. Its probably only occurred about 4 times so far but its still kinda lame. lol. ill try to find one to give feedback for.	
some of the questions are not worded correctly. i have had to reread many questions in order to fully understand what you are asking 	
Really helpful!	
A mesma coisa que fazemos todas as noites, Pinky - tente dominar o mundo!
I think this program is a huge waste of time.  I hate the fact that the words to answer the questions have to be the exact word used in the book.  There are many words that mean the same thing, but the question is wrong is it is not the exact word in the book.  
Overall, I like this module a lot and the visual representation makes studying seem more interactive. I also like how it repeats questions that were previously answered incorrectly until I get it right. This shows me that I'm really learning. (:
I think it is a good tool to assist in the learning process.	
neutro kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk gostou?
i feel like im getting quesitons wrong because i dont know the exact praphsing learn smart wants
I have used a lot of elelctron homework systems and this one is by far the worst. It takes forever to go over and I never know anything afterward. 
I like the learnsmart activities. I think its a good learning tool. For somone like me who needs to practice the material and not just read a chapter once. :)	
TDD: 1, Me: 0
Some of the answers don't quite match up as the book says	
i like it!!	
There are still way too many questions, 97 questions is a little much.	
i hate having to check the boxes on the bottom asking me if i know this question...it is very annoying	
This is my first day using LearnSmart so stay tuned. I will let you know how helpful it is once I get to using it more frequently. I must say, it seems to have the tools to help me learn new material easily. Thank you.	
I personally think that Learnsmart is a great way to learn. It's very repetitive so it helps certain words and terms stick to you. Like anything else the more time you spend on it the more you learn. 	
Its very helpful	
Devíamos chamar alguém de Purdue para fazer isso. Eles são os boilerplaters.
Really helping me study for this exam!	
LearnSmart is helpful, but is very time consuming.	
I like the standings. It gives a since of competition. Makes it fun just a little, makes me want to learn more to do better. 	
good on you sir	
ultimamente ela tá muito carente , manda ele ir da um pouquinho kkkkk
au
sabia nada pow
i'm overweight
The process of reading the text book, completing the questions online, and consulting the textbook when a question is incorrect or when I have difficulty answering the questions really helps me to grasp the contents of the chapters and to retain that information when in class.	
It does take a lot of time to do these modules	
I needed to review the textbook fairly thoroughly before I could benefit from Learnsmart.  Once I was able to get started, I understood the material even better.	
The questions are not clear enough for right answers. Do you want three options or just one. Use increase/decrease all the time or debit/credit or accept both answers in fill in the blank. I can't guess what you are going to accept as the right answer.
I would like to be able to go back and review these questions.  I feel like all I am doing is trying to get through this as quickly as possible so that I can move on to the type of studying that really works for me.  Without the ability to review this material it is useless to me.  I have forgotten it by the time I turn off the computer.
I'm reading way too much into certain questions, but I feel comfortable using LearnSmart.	
The material in LearnSmart helps with the material that Ididn't know and reinforces the material that I do know and shows the areas that I need to buckle down and study more. I think that it is a really good learning tool	
I would like to see a quiz on the areas I struggle most, and also to see the questions phrased differently... that proves to be quite helpful
this format is a great resource to add to the book.  	
protocolo de eliminação do kayky ativado
I like this. I think it will help me. Creo que ese esta muy beneficial?	
some of these questions are WAY too wordy.  like the one that starts with Arbot Co
It's a great learning tool that is beneficial to learning about becoming a business owner.	
A lot of the time I know 99% of the information necessary to answer a question from reading the text book, but the last 1% is not found in the reading at all and I miss the question. 
é só pedir lá no PDC
This should not be a requirement for class!!
Make answers have a broader general meaning. Some of the answers I submitted were basically the same things as the actual answer. Sometimes us college students use context to answer.	
I <3 LearnSmart! ;-)	
This is not a learning method that works for me. im more focused on getting it right, and dont actually retain any information
-m \ 'Ouvi dizer que você gosta de commits ... \'
Don't make HW due the day after a test...we were busy studying.
this harder then all my full online classes. i still have to go into school too for this.
sala 2
Too many questions were unexplained in the text and the questions were assumed as if I should automatically know these random questions
questions don't line up with the reading given	
One of the things I love most about LearnSmart is that it displays one question at a time, I never feel overwhelmed with too much work while completing LearnSmart modules.	
This is awesome! The questions are challenging but no to over the top. Works wonders!	
There has consistently been conflicting answers between the LearnSmart activities and the book.	
it offers us a great way to learn	
The format of the study questions is very good.	
Eu quis dizer voce e  linda
i think you should explain the wrong answers 	
so many things are way to ambious.
Otimo !
It forces you to read the material, which is very helpful for comprehension of the course	
desapegar país você nao nasceu grudada com ele e antes de você conhecer ele você ja vivia 
A fun way to learn spanish!	
vdc tô com a seda, leve a marica pcr
Too Many questions!!!	
Some are the questions are worded quite difficult for me to understand sometimes.	
its quite helpful.  good way to study.	
I think it prepares me for the test quite well. Even if it makes me think out of the box, which I enjoy.	
Great system	
this is a fucking 3 credit class.  what the hell.  this is way to much homework for such simple concepts.  once you get a idea there are 15 additional questions about it.
Fuck these little time wasters
i love using this!	
The K calorie section has stumped me!	
this method is not for all types of learners. It is very much in a vacuum. Not creative or intuitive in the slightest. 
some of the wording of the questions is not clear enough and once in a while is incorrect compared to the book.
huge waste of time. instead of reading the book and acutally learning i have to use these stupid flash cards instead. Extremely frustrating and a huge waste of effort. Absolutely absurd that we are being forced to use this shoddy half baked product.
I thought it was great when the module explained to me what my answer was as well as what the correct answer was.	
Good job, McGraw Hill-- 	
I love this thing. It's cool!	
I like Learn Smart	
I feel there are several questions throughout the module that are worded in a way that does not elicit the response that the module is looking for. Those questions tend to be multiple choice questions where another answer is available that could also potentially be the answer depending on how the student interprets the question. If the questions themselves were more direct and clear, then that would take out some of the guessing.	
I like the way this works	
If you miss spell something it marks it as wrong.  Also i hate having to press how well i know a question.	
I don't think Learnsmart has enough concrete questions. Everything definitions nd hypothetical situations. I think there should be more graphical analysis and math problems to gifure things out.	
I hate online studying. It doesn't help me, it just makes me mad. I'm a kinesthetic learner, so this wastes my time. Also, spending this much time on a computer is unhealthy. Not to mention, online learning is ineffective, because if you can't cheat the system (answer the question randomly to find to right answer for the next time it pops up), you can just have someone else do it for you. Computers are not the answer for learning, try reading a book, writing some notes, listening to a lecture! The education system has no business going into electronic based learning. Online learning is shallow and quick, it is retraining our brains from thinking deeply. Yup, I just ranted. 
have specific sections to study for each chapter, use diagrams and have us label them. go easy on spelling.	
infelizmente esse enigma sad ngm descobrira...
seu acéfalo, burro,  minoria
I just guess without fully reading the questions because this is not the way that I learn, never has been. This is just clicking for a grade.
I'm just answering the questions and not learning anything.
the answers that need to be typed in are sometimes misleading	
kacete
Learn smart makes me read the chapter before I start the assignment. Which improves my learning	
Many of the matching questions have answers that are very close or grouped together with terms that contradict each other.	
I don't know what I'd do without LearnSmart. 	
This is a new system and I'm not one much for change. I have to admit though that I think once I learn the ins and outs of this system I'll be very happy with it.	
need longer time	
Also, chapter five is ridiculously long.  That should be cut into two chapters.  I was assigned an entire learnsmart module on chapter five, and it took about five hours to complete, just because of the sheer volume of information.
bom
Maybe if the questions were put in order of the chapters in the book, it would take less time to complete them. because of the way LearnSmart wants answers worded, you have to use the book to answer most questions and it takes WAY TOO MUCH TIME to look each one up and word it correctly.
This doesn't help me.
would love to click less, but a great program overall	
I'm not sure if this comment is supposed to be about this specific module or if this survey is asking me to review LearnSmart as a whole program. I'll answer in regard to LearnSmart as a whole. Some questions are too vague and some are difficult to understand. The questions that are vague most often are the fill-in-the-blank questions. One question I've challenged because the answer didn't match the question. Mostly, I like this program and I'm glad it exists for this class. I've learned more by having such a tool at my disposal.	
There are some questions that are not explained in the text, specifically questions of LCM.	
some questions I feel are not too clear on what the answer is that is being asked for	
eu não te dei ontem vc que bebeu todas e veio me mamando
What happens to this feedback and the feedback given to challenges on questions?	
i need more pratice for when to apply SER. I want to pratice more. please let me know if you have any suggestions. I think that I would have done better at the start of the semester, if I had been told how important it was to learn SER. I feel that I know SER, but I am not always sure when to use it, however I am getting better with pratice. I think it would have been additionally helpful if I had been encourged to log on to the blackboard tutorial materials and utilize them. It is no one's fault but my own. Just going to keep working hard.	
sinonimo de vc
too many flash cards. interactive cards would be fun	
this is useless and stupid
it would be nice if there was an explain button so the answer couldn't be explained why it is that answer	
i think that this is a very useful tool for learning new material, or brushing up on concpets you may have already learned.	
Toc toc
It is excessive.
this is the most time consuming activity in college and i hate it
Corrigido o build.
I think it should tell the student  that it is timed and the scores will be calculated according to the time consumed because for me I was sometime busy with other things and not looking the screen where I thought there is no time!
This is a very good system to use to help study, I love this!	
GREAT STUFF !	
there are hundreds of answers for some of these fill in the blank questions. this LearnSmart is really stupid
I really like this program as a way to do homework and learn. It has been very helpful because when doing a homework assignment on paper you dont get feedback on if you are right or wrong or what. 	
It sucks that when asked a fill-in-the-blank question, we are not told whether we have the option to choose from a list, multiple choice style, or whether we have to type in an answer. I would help a lot if we were notified before we select how confident we are in knowing the answer.
I would like more material to study	
The difficulty is that many of the questions are pretty vague on what answer they want. For many of the questions there are answers that could work but are still wrong	
I really like this as a study tool	
Some questions are too oddly specific	
the check all that apply are so annoying because if you miss ONE you have to wait for that question to come around and you forget what mistake you made! 
i like learn smart because it's a different learning system.	
Scoring system seems harsh at times.	
❤
mais depurar ... quem sobrescreveu!
I said, 'HEY! What a wonderful kind of day! We can learn to laugh and play, and get along with eachotherrrr!' Connect you suck. Moth Duke 
you could phrase some of the staements or questions in the first mod a little better	
Façam!!!
Hahah mais é claro que acho isso,todo mundo deve achar isso tbm
I have been slacking on my homework in the past and am going to turn my work ethic around, I've been very sick the past couple of weeks and I'm starting to feel better, I've gotten my personal life together too which was effecting my grades and it shouldn't have. I haven't been working as hard as I should is what I'm trying to say but I'm getting my life together.	
Hoje
more explanation of wrong answers, maybe with a page reference in the book. At the end of the flashcards or quizzes, identify main subject or concept consistently missed so we can know what to reread	
some of the fill in the blank problems are too picky and should accept multiple answers. ive spent the majority of the time re-doing fill in the blank problems that i already knew!!! kind of a waste of time for a program that i was forced to pay for and use by the professor.	
Also, there are quite a few details in these theories that don't ring true in real life...
I wish there was more explanation for the answers that I miss.	
Learning is fun with LearnSmart!!!	
The wording and terms used don't always match up with the terms that the book uses, try and keep the terms the same.	
There is a two part answer regarding regions related to the forearm.  The forearm, to my understanding, is not a region, only ante brachial region is correct.  I think the answer should should be ante brachial ONLY.  I would have challenged the question, but if you get one of the two answers correct you do not get the ability to challenge.	
Connect is NOT user friendly!!!! I should be able to skip a question and come back to it. I should be able to review my answer before it is submitted. I shouldn't have to spend hours trying to find the stupid answers! Change the book or change the computer program because finding and learning the information on this program is way hard!!! Take me seriously please. I'm a normal college student that doesn't have unlimited time to mess with this kind of computer idiocy!!
Too many of the questions are far to vague and then ask for specific examples.  The click all that apply sometimes, but not always, have responses that could apply.  
I do not like doing this before going over the material in class.	
Some of the answers do not match the information in the textbook.	
o que falar pra uma velhota que tá pedindo teu lugar no busão lotado e você não quer sair?
On one question, I typed the heart, as the answer, but it didn't accept it. Heart was the correct answer.	
The wording of the questions sometimes makes it difficult to understand what the question is asking, so I have to give up to figure out the answer. Other than that the program has been quite helpful!	
Estou irritada com você!
I say its wuite difficult just because I think that a challenge is good, the only gripe I have is that the smart moduel says that I have mastered this chapter but the test scores say otherwise. I feel as if Im not being prepared for the quiz as much as I would like to be. 	
Some of the information my teacher has not covered and wont be on future tests so this is terriable.
Great tool to use to improve one's learining.	
Seu coração está doendo, mas você é muito tímido para dizer isso
I do not understand what the blinking yellow circle next to the FAQ button means. 	
Some seem to have a possible general answer, even though the question is geared to be responded from the book.	
I like haveing this as a learning tool	
I don't like having to click yes after the answer is confirmed. Once I know if I got the answer correct or incorrect, I have to click yes to move to the next question. Waste of time. 	
In class we are not learning everything in the book so some of it is hard to go over.	
Once I have my first test, I'll be able to tell better how much time is appropriate and how effective this program is.	
3. After completing a set of learning modules, it would be ideal to be able to print off the questions with answers attached as a portable study guide, but only for the questions the student has answered correctly.
Quests asked sometimes have nothing to do with what was writen in the charper the homework was writen for.  Some questions are not even talked about in the chapters.
The feedback it gives you after you incorrectly anwser a question is the most helpful part in my opinion. i was able to understand where i went wrong off of that feedback.	
yippeee! I LOVE BIO	
the answer to How difficult are the questions..  ranges within all the given answers. I chose fairly difficult because it was in the middle, an average of the question's difficulty. 	
it really is helpful just takes to long	
once wrong answer is given indicate page number in text to find answer as well.	
Opa Pq vc tirou minhas calças??
It takes to long for the next question to load up.. and when I input my answers... there's a delay as I type the letters...	
I find it much more helpful to have multiple choice questions.	
Eu acredito que sim.
I really hate this way of teaching.
after the reading the chapters, and doing these questions, I am surprised by how much i really remeber. I like it, it makes for a good review of the chapter.	
In upper level biology classes.
ididnt think this was helpful at all
cara, isso é uma merda bem aqui.
On certain types of questions it would be useful to be able to see the possible answers before rating how confident I am that I know the answer. Especially on the select all that apply questions. I can't really tell you how confident I am if I don't know what I'm dealing with.	
Seriously, 140 questions?  And if i get it wrong it just shoots back into the pile.  This ends up being like 250 questions by the end of each assignment.  I'm so tired of these questions that I find myself just guessing and writing down the answers just to get through this thing.  Too many questions and reasking the questions is just frustrating.  It would be helpful if it was like a practice test and no more than 50 questions.  This is taking too much time away from studying in a way that works for me.  In essence it's hurting me more than helping me. 
i wish there was a way to highlight items in the ebook, relating to questions missed, so that I could reread the book in the future with highlights of my troubled areas	
Merge pull request # 67 de Lazersmoke / fix-andys-shit Fix andys shit
Verifique a próxima confirmação da mensagem.
Good night baby
I overthink easier problems, and have the most difficulty with the choose all that apply questions, usually only missing 1 of the options.	
it is a good balance of easy questions and hard questions. sometimes i get lucky on a question but since i got it right i dont see it again. im very likely to get that wrong if i were asked the same question again. 	
LearnSmart is very helpful.	
the wording of some questions is very confusing	
meu celular n tem câmera
Yes , i can 
the questions only test a basic understanding which I like.  Perhaps I should read closer, but I find it hard to find some of the answers in the text.  this may also be due to the fact that the text is online.  	
nope
i feel that the learn smart aspect of connect has helped me study the material i need for the class. i wish that there was an app or something for it so i could study on the go on my phone or tablet instead of using the computer all the time. but thats just a though	
After you see whether or not you answered the question correctly, make it so that the meaning of the other words popup when the mouse passes over it.  That way the user has an opportunity to practice several words or concepts.	
HATE DOING CONNECT
I think this is a great way to study since I never know a good way to study on my own but get distracted studying with others.	
This is awful. Its as if Im studying the wrong things. :(
Also, the lack of a secure (https) connection to the server means that using the learnsmart system is not safe on public wi-fi access.
I hate the double clicking for one question and the interruptions of the software telling me to take a break.  Not useful.  I study when I can find the time between work and a full school schedule - I don't need a software program telling me i need to break up my study time.
I didn't know I was this bad at Spanish. Good wake-up call.	
i really like it
expand the vocabulary for certain questions because I have written the right answer, but it wasn't the specific word that the question was looking for. but it was right. 	
Completion of mobile (iPad) Learnsmart Module does not transfer to completion of laptop Learnsmart module, and may be negatively impacting my grade.	
questions involving answers with really hard to spell words for fill in the blanks are very difficult. 	
too many questions some repeat or are redundant	
Some questions are a little confusing.  It would be helpful if there is somewhere where we could clarify exactly what the question is asking for.	
This program does not help re-inforce course material and often times leaves me confused after completing an activity. 
i'm not finding this info in the read from the book ????????
In the one question that asks to identify the image, the image doesn't work	
I feel it would be best to alter the message the student gets when they select yes i know the answer and do not get the answer correct.  The current message tells them to review the options for selction as though they had suddenly changed for the fourth module or the student had suddenly forgotten what the options were.  What if the student felt confident and still got the question wrong?  Then they are suffering double insult by being talked down to by a non-human program after finding out they are wrong.  The program takes every other opportunity to encourage study, yet not this message.  Silly.  
Latim, para que os pacientes irem se acostumando com  a língua  morta.
I am answering some of the questions correctly and haveing them come up as incorrect. This applies to defining the regions  of the body matching cavities with names, and abdominopelvic regions with their names. A green box appears saying I answered them correctly, no points are awarded, and the correct answers are given that match my answers. Further more there was no challenge answer option for these questions. 	
its usedless to be honest
Great way to prepare for the tests. Love the feedback it provides when I make a mistake. 	
If it isnt in our lab guidebook, or even mentioned, why do we need to learn them for just one lecture prep quiz, especially when we don't even go over a lot of these functions in lecture or exams?
Fionaaa!
please provide an option for making questions with small-text more readable	
I do not find the numerical questions helpful (which step is this?)	
This program is garbage.
The questions in this chapter are worded rather ridiculously and make it extremeley difficult to answer questions properly even when the material is understood.
The system should not automatically submit your answer when you click on a choice, a couple of times I accidentally clicked the wrong option which was immediately counted as incorrect. This problem could easily be solved if instead of automatically submitting your answer you would have to click a submit button, allowing you to change your answer before submitting your finalized answer. 	
As a learning tool, more complete explanations of incorrect answers, perhaps with diagrams or a link to the relevant section of the book would be more helpful.  There is some explanation on wrong answers, but it could be expanded quite a bit.	
I answered the balance sheet shows current debits and credits when the answer was assets and liabilities.  I think both could have been considered true.	
I feel like Learn Smart is a great way to study for classes.	
When words like the aren't included in a student's answer it shouldn't count against them at all. Almost correct isn't fair if the student got the answer correct.	
I enjoy that when I get a question wrong I have to do the question over again. However, because it's the same question later on, all I have to do is memorize the answer from the question. This doesn't really help with understanding the material if I'm just memorizing answers. 	
Atualizar .gitignore
I hate learn smart, this program is horrible.
definetely a helpful study tool	
Any questions that say you may have multiple answers, and only have one correct answer, seems to me like it is making me doubt myself and thus hurting my learning experience.	
this process is toooooooo long!!!!!!!!!!!
This time I gave it all not at all's because I am now infuriated this came up again during my study time. I already bought the book from you guys, you have my money, stop asking me the same questions over and over so you can put me in a system to base all our information off of to then better the site!. Do not show this message to me ever again. 
good challenge.  Just right for difficulty level	
I need more time!!! :p	
I enjoy learning this way. I just wish you could see all of the material at once with questions and answers in order to do a full review after I'm finished.	
Online learning in this fashion is horrible. If I wanted to take an online course I would have chosen that type of class for my first semester. Tools like these are just another way for a company to make a profit
011
I have rather enjoyed the LearnSmart Module. It is a very effective way to learn chapters and keep students interested in trying to answer as correct as possible because it is like a game.	
reading my classwork and textbook are more usefull
Although module 5 and 6 have been much shorter and fairly easier, I think a reference to the chapter would be helpful.  20 items per module is too few, a problem with the previous modules is that they would have over 50 items which was too many and took too much time although I learned alot.  Finding a good balance would be helpful so that the module acts as a great study tool, but not as a 4 hour assignment.	
yes i am
If I guess and get the question right, it doesn't explain how to do the problem so I don't learn how to do it. There should be an option to have it explain the problem even if you get it correct.	
no comments	
The only thing that bothers me is the fact that questions are misleading with the change of small words to make the outcome different then applied. It makes me feel like you are testing the amount of attention I am paying to the questions; rather than, testing my knowledge of the material. 	
Tire essa merda do meu mestre.
There are several gramatical mistakes made in the questions that you may want to edit.
This is a fun way to learn, but I worry that I won't remember it later.	
Some questions are not discussed in class material and require too much textbook material which is not revalant to the material.	
I liek potatos cos dey good.	
I like the software. The extra reinforcement involved is great! I do have an issue with some of the question/answer pairings, though.	
have the teacher teach about every topic in here not just an overveiw of the majority.... when i cant even find the material in the text book... or revise your questions to the current text book..... so that they are up to date
Sometimes I'm misunderstanding how to answer the question; i.e. more than one answer or just one. I'm also not reading the questions or answers correctly before I answer causing me to get an incorrect answer. Otherwise, I like using LearnSmart.	
great tool!	
questions arent difficult but a few are to find.	
ta gueule connasse !
Connect is a wonderful tool for study!	
It would be helpful to have a direct link to the section of the book that has the answer.  (and/or having a link to look up the answer - instead of guessing.)	
Uc blue ash is stupid and makes me buy connect with a different book, Great waste of time
%name% é grupo de pedofilo cuidado
me come Felipe seu gostoso goza na minha cara que eu adoroo
Lau é uma pessao, um homem na verdade. É a pessao q tenho um crush
lusca cabeça de pika
Mais perto do que vc imagina tranque a porta do quarto
THERE IS WAY TOO MUCH FOREIGN INFO BEING ASKED THAN IS COVERED IN THE CHAPTERS OF THE BOOK THAT WE ARE SUPPOSEDLY BEING QUIZZED ON!
nao sou eu .que ainda to cursando o ensino fundamental
i dont think this program helps you learn the chapter at all. i think its horrible.
Do i read the book first then do this ? 	
LearnSmart is busy works and does not help me learn at all, especially for classes where the class if based around math (accounting) and all LearnSmart does is put questions about definitions.
The fill in the blank questions are hard without context.  The general idea is there but for example: the words bigger, higher, and larger are not used interchangeably.  I don't really think there is a way to fix this though, it just can be frustrating at times.	
It is very helpful!	
It wouold have been nice to have the option to turn off questions over material/sections that we have been told will not be on the test.	
ele e um idiota
some of the questions and answers need to be refined	
Melhores pessoas ever, UAI!
Very helpful!	
you okay? and i hope your safe*covers face and blushes*
i love these modules, keep them comming and make them more interactive, we need some periodic tables that we can move around charges and elements. 	
você vai para o inferno. você vai para o inferno e morre.
sooo fun and productive!	
eca carioca 
Most of the questions I have to Google, because they are not found in the book I was given by my Professor. When answering questions containing pictures and naming what the arrow is pointing to, it is inacurate and misleading, thus forcing me to answer the same question over 10 times and still getting it wrong every time! LearnSmart should be for students who have taken this type of course before, not for students learning this material for the first time. Extemely diffucult to the max, highly stressful; so stressful that I can't seem to remember anything I have learned on this. 
I HATE THIS!!!!
I like LearnSmart but wish it wasn't so expensive :( 	
LearnSmart is very helpful and my new best friend.	
stay focused	
Its stressful.	
Boy, significant figures are really comfusing after not taking chem since Jr. year of high school...	
Fill in the blank question are poorly worded in some cases; it is difficult to know what you are asking for even when the respondent knows the right answer.	
whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
It's hard to see words in E-Book. it is so small	
questions need to be worded better, muliple choice should specify the number of correct answer that must be given vs. forcing the student to guess and get incorrect answers. WORD THE QUESTIONS BETTER.
This module is not too bad, but when you have modules with 100+ questions it becomes monotonous, repetitive and makes me zone out and miss answers out of mental fatigue	
The wording of some questions are very close, and in some cases, almost the exact definition of something similar, yet different than the right answer...very confusing!	
I lost 200 points on one question. What in the world. 50 is okay, but 200?	
Learn Smart is a good tool. It does a great job with condensing each chapters key assets thus far, that i have seen.	
the assignment is too long 	
A tutorial would Be nice tp help get new students started.	
This whole program is not very good. The mastering biology system used by the biology department is much better.
Voce é uma deusa,encantadora porem manipuladora,má... mais tem uma beleza inesplicavel !!!
bora
good tool. I havnt tried yet i just hope you can go back and look at them again after completion	
I wish it didn't take me out to review when I get questions wrong. I learn from mistakes, so going back and reviewing the material isnt really helpful. Rather Answering a ton of questions (and getting a bunch wrong) help me learn a lot more. This might just be me though.	
lol
Great system, I really enjoy it, and also learn from it.	
This program is terrible and I hope to not use it in the future.
Provide page numbers to refer to when an answer is answered incorrectly	
this is the best learn smart module ive done so far	
On thing I've noticed is that the module digs deep into the text to where you almost have to memorize some of the sentences as opposed to just understanding the concepts themselves.  While this is not necessarily a bad thing, it really pushes a person to pay close attention and retain the reading assignments.  Also, as a note to the textbook creators, I enjoy its format and layout of content, but for a person who is color blind (challenged) the lighter bolded color of topics makes it very hard to identify and recognize them consistently.	
vai se foder maquininha do sexo de macaco
This is not helping me learn anything at all
great news!	
If only you provided lectures so we didn't have to spend hours on instructor-prepared lecturs without slides.	
I like this mod	
claro
Having fun so far, and learning, which is the goal.  	
more variety would be good. 	
Some of the questions the module is asking are irrelevant in terms of the content the book is producing. I really dont like the modules and wish that further thought was put into the questions versus just placing questions out as content fillers. 
watch your wording because some things can be misconstrued.	
when you guess and get them right, you don't learn. So i sugges you guys show how to do the problem step by step in a calculation problem even though you get them right.	
waste of time that i could spend studying in a way that helps the way i learn, not everyone can learn with flashcards
This is a very helpful activity to stay focused and learn the matierial. 	
estou chamando a policia, não saia daí!
640K deve ser suficiente para qualquer pessoa
For the most part I find this tool helpful but I have come across a couple of contradictions in questions/answers where correct question responses are in direct conflict with the text.	
This really helps a lot to learn the material, even though it is time consuming.	
LearnSmart gives me an opprotunity to learn through a trial and error method which i feel is very helpful. I may struggle with some topics, however I am immediately corrected and can relate my misunderstanding of the material and redirect it to learn the material.	
it feels like a waste of time.
takes too long	
Please provide feedback/review after each question is answered.	
ITs a waste of time and the questions are not correlated with hardly anything i am reading in the book. I havent been learining anything iv been writing down the answers and looking back for the right ones. 
Código de merda!
Sometimes it's the ambiguity or the abstract ideas that are hard to grasp, but that's not so much LearnSmart's fault as much as it is organic chemistry's.	
Way better than studying normally :D	
I like that even though it repeats questions, it's after a good amount of time that it doesn't feel like you're just doing the same material. It would be great if more questions about the chapters can be added.	
filho da puta, arrombado do kct, cuzão, buceta
I like how you get additional chances to make make correct choices. It helps to retain better.	
these are all good...I'm just cconfusing them all together
Thank God for learnsmart because its helping me remember alot of things.	
I didn't understand the formulas or calculations for a long time so I kept getting the same ones wrong	
hated it
less of the questions that require you to spell the word. some people have a hard time with spelling like myself. they may know the answer but now how to spell it close enought for the 	
This sucks!!!!
The question are worded difficultly and it is extremely hard to know which answer the program is searching for.  I am not learning anything with this program-in fact I am getting more confused and aggrivated by the content provided.
Your questions are broad and not specific at all. Some of the questions requires answers that I don't even find in the book. 
The wording on questions confuse me and i often pick the wrong answer because of it.
Sabe que gastei cinco dólares nessa coisa estúpida?
this was my first time so it took me a while to get understand how to properley answer. but i liked that it gives us close answers and then explains why we may have gotten the wrong answer	
stop learn smarts	
I like it :)	
ligue 190 e se denuncie imediatanent
Looking for the correct phrases in the book can be difficult, but if you have read the material, the answer is sometimes a thought.	
I like the fact that many of the questions are application based questions.	
mas é claro...que não!
for wrong answers tell us the right answer then take off a question dont make us keep haveing to find the right answer it is discouraging 
ola viado
Cool system. 	
me deu vontade de fuder ela bem gostoso 
Keep calm and forca Milan 
This homework takes too long and becomes tedious. After just reading a section this isnt very helpful. It would be more helpful as a review assignment to help study for the final
I really think this is a great tool.  It is really the only way before an exam to see how well you know the material.  Testing yourself just by homework doesn't really prepare you because you have too much time to answer.	
difficulty in questions can be benificial to the learning process if done right	
consertou merda que não foi consertada no último commit
I don't learn anything from this.  After an hour into it, I find myself just clicking answers hoping to get it right so I can move on to the rest of my homework.  This does not work.  I couldn't even re-answer the questions I learned today right now.  
repating questions in different forms helps more to understand	
I really appreciate this style of instruction/learning.	
I like that previously missed questions are repeated!	
How does learnsmart affect our grade?	
I love LearnSmart! It definitely helps me learn better and faster!	
some of the questions are unclear/confusing. also some of the questions go over items my professor does not require us to know.	
cu dado não se nega, mas se o cu estiver peludo cuidado se depile ants pois o pentelho do pau pode embaraçar com o petenho do cu virar 1 prisão perpetua anal.
this does not directly relate to my teachers test so it is a waste of my valuable time
The LearnSmart Module presents questions with an approach and phrasing distinguishable from the textbook. Consequently, the presiding LearnSmart Module provides a different conceptual emphasis and objective, shaping the understanding of the material. Yet, slight ambiguity in a few of the expected responses does inspire a sudden infuriation, mingled with much self-loathing afterwards, after the two second suspense of awaiting validation. However, more conceptually-based questions may benefit the seemingly predominant demands of vocabulary and mechanism recall.  	
Pretty cool to do it all online.	
I'm forreal about to punch my laptop....
I wish I could play games. like crossword puzzle or match the definitions. Something else beside the same old thing over and over. 	
Oiie
The answers do not refelct the readings in the book. Learnsmart takes up way too much time. And it doesn't pertain to our test. So basically it is pointless, and a waste of time.
Good for studying and helps reinforce knowledge.	
too much vocabulary concentration, just because I memorize the vocab doesn't mean I understand the concepts which to me are more important	
the spelling and percise answers are not fun	
Nada para ver aqui, siga em frente
More movie quizes! please those help me out the best	
Busy work, waste of time. 
Questions are misleading towards what anwsers they want	
I wish there was an icon that I could click to hear pronunciation. Would also like some Learn Smart modules that helped with full sentences/sentence structure.	
I really like this program. It makes you surprise yourself when you actually know and/or are familliar with many of these terms and questions.	
sim
Some pictures in the e-book are too big to view when they're clicked, so I can only see one part of the picture.	
This is my first time using this software, but so far it is fun	
I think this is good for the student.	
ela volta
Fiquei sabendo que eu peguei sua vizinha... 👍
yo, adrian!
dnd tambem te amo
Hard Chapter- takes a lot of time to really grasp concepts	
great learning tool	
I wish I had read over the chapter before doing the LearnSmart questions. I would have been more prepared.	
I saw that there was a place where my instructor could record a lecture. It would help me more if  lectures were provided for my class as well.	
True. 
some questions are vague and could have multiple answers.  Some of the questions need to be a little bit more precise, and not so broad.  	
the begining was very confusing not notifying me that some questions had multiple answeers i think thats rather unfair. 
It is a good ideas to learn like this. It gives a handful to know  alot things.	
Pk me conte
oh... aaaiii yes. yes fude com força vai
vamos assistir biku no piko
This has been an extremely helpful tool for me.  Sometimes I think I know the material but am reminded I do not know it that well until I can answer questions about it.  I get terms confused and this helps me keep them straight.	
and I am not getting credit for what I am doing. I have completed 3 modules and only given credit for two. My professor is not helpful when I send basic questions about how to use the tech support and what URL to use to get tech support with McGraw-Hill. Her answers are impersonal and insulting. I am spending hour using a text book, this program, her notes, her power points, a lab, two discussion boards. I am learning more about this technology than biology. I have a 4 point GPA and work very hard in my studies. This is the worse academic experience of my life.
The learnsmart assignments are very helpful in learning the material. It's good that they give you the right answer and give you another opportunity to answer the question. The assignments have been very helpful in studying for my exams.	
legal
reat program	
I feel like I am being prepared to be tested in a multiple choice or fill in the blank format, I am less confident in my ability to list and define terms from memory.  	
you can't handle the truth!
You read so much, with so much context, then need to remember it in multiple choice answers whith multiple answers correct... too confusing and takes hours
I think some of the questions might be difficult for some students, but not too difficult.  The level of questions will encourage learning and understanding and push them beyond their comfort zone a bit.  	
VERY HELPFUL! :)	
Replace flash-card style questions with multiple choice questions	
Peopleware Capítulo 8: Você nunca faz nada por aqui entre 9 e 5 anos.
I am not a fan of questions that include tricks and or uneeded material, confusing the student on purpose instead of letting them figure it out on there own.	
Rephrase a few of your questions and change where a few blanks are because many times I look at a question and its so vuege I have no idea where to go with it.	
So if I click on the option that I know the content I get 70 point, but if I dont know the content or im uncertain of the content but get it right, I get less points, that just doesnt seem right??	
Some (obvious) indication as to a question's answer format (fill in the blank vs. multiple choice) would have been nice.  For instance increased size is ____, specialization is ____ I got correct because it was multiple choice and I know the meanings of the word growth & development, but had it been a fill-in-the-blank I likely would not have known what to place in the spaces.	
It is better than ARIS	
sometimes the question doesn't seem clear as to what answer it is looking for.	
One of the questions said I was wrong then said the correct answer was exactly what I put.  It was about quid pro quo	
There should be explenitions when we get the wrong ansewer. it would be nice to also knoe the level of difficulty	
Sometimes the numbers and wording from the notes does not match up with the book 100%, confusing me on some of the questions.	
The questions I get wrong are usually worded a little ambiguously.  You should also have to click on submit anwer for every question to avoid misclicks.	
The spelling and grammar errors are atrocious. It is difficult to descern, many times, what the proper answer is with so many errors in the way the question itself is posed. With these issues, it is really a waste of my time, therefore the poor marks on the questionnaire above.
Não é Da sua conta
The questions are not difficult or easy. They are good questions that refresh my reading and it's nice. tricky at times but keeps you on your toes	
Camila qnd ela n dá fica tda estressadinha
I like the program and how it functions, however maybe make the objectives more known? 	
My boyfriend doesn't like LearnSmart.	
Assignment should be due before test is given.  My test was earlier today and yet i still have to do this by saturday for what? i already took the test
I don't exactly like the fact that I HAVE to answer something EXACTLY right in order to be finished with the assignment. HOWEVER, I do like the fact that certain questions pop up multiple times. 	
Still too many questions I feel	
Don't make community college level students pay  more for these programsoutside of their educational  facilities.
TA
It is a helpful study guide.	
help me
If I try one several times, I know the answer just from seeing it so much but that doesn't mean I understand why. I think using different items instead of the same content if someone misses more than twice would be more beneficial. Thank you.	
the fill in the blanks could have multiple answers, so that's trash. and why do i miss 200points when i have the chance to gain up to 70
Ricardo é viado
The LearnSmart questions are relatively easy as compared to the homework and quizzes.  I think there should be more problems and scenarios similar to the homework in the LearnSmart.  I find myself moving quickly through the LearnSmart and bogging down with the homework.	
I get too confused when I use this.
I wish this was an option rather than a requirement because I prefer to study through notes and reading my text	
Cometeu algumas mudanças
ele é gigantesco, vou te mostrar
There should be little explanations after you get a question wrong.	
This is an inneffective way to learn. wastes way too much time that could be used for reading materials.
This is a perfect learning tool, I wouldn't change anything except getting a problem partially incorrect because of mispelled words.	
Não sei o que essas mudanças devem realizar, mas alguém me disse para fazê-las.
seria tudo melhor se tudo morresse...
im glad you are giving students a chance this helps takethe pressure off a little while still trying with the best of my ablities i love you guys	
This is terrible. I haven't learned anything, and half the questions aren't even covered in the book. This is a huge waste of money.
Gosta de codificação? aqui está a razão secreta porque
Would like to see more fill in the blank questions regarding journal entries.	
This program provides me with an extra initiative to learn the material and better study it. Plus I feel it helps me perform alot better when it comes to the chapter quizes.	
I have my own way of studying. This is taking away from that and will probrably hurt me in the long run. 
i just hope these are all items that will be on the test 	
LearnSmart definitly helps me out when studying.	
Nem tente refatorá-lo.
Most of the material comes from the book, and while this is a program made specifically from the book, there are some people who do not have this exact book. Other books teach different ways, or using different terms or symbols. It's just confusing and difficult to apply what I have learned in other courses and books to this program
I do hate, how it is soo long, do University of Utah students a favor and cut down the questions-thank you
the wording is too picky (metaphase 1 vs metaphase I), and some of the questions are a little ambiguous for fill in the blank
great study tool,it really helps a lot.	
Tudo bem
pelo menos não ensina crianças a cantar músicas sobre boquete
There are a couple of trick questions -- some of which I missed.  Recommend not use them as goal should be to learn material.	
Por que essa merda?
This does not help me at all. 
Despite my initial reservations, I have come to respect and like this whole experience. This is a fun way of doing these homework drills. They make me concentrate and think about what I am seeing and hearing. Thank you!	
I like that it doesn't take much time to get a lot of cards done. I also liked the matching questions. I did feel that some of the questions were too easy. I also would like that if I missed a question if it would ask me in a different way the next time(fill in the blank vs. multiple choice) so I'm not just memorizing answers	
* I cant make a bullet point list properly. 
I like this program :)	
Learn smart is a good resource, we students just have to realize that.	
this website is not good, bc it makes us learn the stuff in a different way then what will be on the text and is not worded the same as the book
The fill-in questions and the Check allthat apply are the worse questions to deal with.	
Thank you for being so great!	
me comer meu gostoso
this does not take into account my learning disabilities	
It is so helpful, and the questions are challenging but it helps that they are challenging because if we can answer these harder questions then we will be able to answer easier ones on our exams. 	
show how mhhe connect came to the conclusion when perfoming arithmetic.  It shows an answer to be wrong, but never explains how it came to the conclusion on the right answer
In this module (Chapter 7: Memory), there were a lot of terms that it referenced that we not only did not discuss in class, but I also could not find several terms even when I went to the specific page that I was directed to, looked at the index or the glossary. The last 2 modules I have done with Connect were not like that. It threw me off pretty bad. I made a 95% on my last test. I am very confused on this section, & am not nearly as confident, even after sucessfully finishing it.	
Corrigindo bugs do XNAMEX.
boa tardeeeeeeee tuts tuts
Geology is hard and awful. LearnSmart makes it less hard.	
After the module is over it would be great to have a sense of what I was struggling with, ie bottom-up and top-down processing. Also something that tells me I know this 100%, ie gestalt psycholgy. It would help me decide what to focus on more for my upcoming test. 	
I wish it wasn't timed 	
Thanks !...a positive	
I feel that learn smart has helped improve my tests scores and helped me understand the material we learn in lecture more. It's more of a reinforcement and helps me see what kind of questions will be on exams. I also like how it tells you the right answer if you get it wrong 	
present indicate in one problem probably should be present indicative form?	
It was not that this module was too long, I was just not sure of how much time I should prepare to give myself while doing this module/ 	
Questions should have a clear indication when there are multiple answers that need to be selected.	
Sometimes the fill in the blanks are too vague. Some need more content in the question. 	
waste of time. 90% of these questions are useless and have nothing to do with a nutrition 101 class. crazy people have to waste time doing this stuff.
This is for the connect homework, not the learn smart. The precise need for inputting the correct balanced equation in chapter 5 question number 7 is beyond annoying. I tried the try another option 3 times before giving up. I have no idea what I did wrong. I put everything in correctly and yet it kept marking it wrong. I assume because of something like a space where it shouldn't have been? I have e-mailed my classmates and hopefully ALL of us will be able to figure out one question, which defeats the purpose of this program as we are supposed to be working together. This is a novel idea, but clearly, there are some bugs that need to be ironed out. 	
Feels like alot of this chapter is semi-basic vocabulary recognition skills. 	
A more specific topic of study should be provided in the fill in the blank questions.	
it's pixel-blur-city on a tablet, might want to fix that	
PORRA DE XUPPERNAMEX
ss, ele te ama e voces vao ter trigemeas 
com a steling logico, para de fazer pergunta logica e escrota garota
Some questions are too wordy and it's difficult to determine what is actually being asked.  The compound questions make this even harder.	
I like the way that LearnSmart goes back over the problems that I get wrong until I get them right.	
Não sei responder a isso.
a couple of the questions I thought were multiple answers but they were just one so I got them wrong.  Perhaps it was my fault or perhaps it wasn't specified well enough.	
eu entendo 
I really do enjoy learning/studying this way. :) It helps the information stick!	
I like this style of learning.  I really like that when I get a question wrong it provides me with the correct answer as a refresher.  I find LearnSmart to be a helpful tool to learn.	
Content mainly good and helpful in memorizing terms for the most part, however, some questions unrealisticly specific for this level of material. Not the most efficient way to test if someone is learning seeing as you literally have to have the book open to ansewer some of the questions. Keep in mind this is coming from someone with a 99% in my actual class...	
Some of the question answers have weird wording which sometimes are confusing	
bifurcação
Occasionally I am not clicking any answer and it says I got the wrong answer or I give up even if I have just opened the question. 	
I have used connect/learn smart in other classes and it was not bad, maybe even good, but in chemistry it is not awesome.  it is not an effective way to learn or verify that a student has learned because the questions are so poorly written.
Some fill in the blank questions can be completed in several ways which would keep the statement true. They tend to be rather ambiguous.	
Whee.
Other sections are much harder then this one	
quando um homem da o cu ele liberta suas pregas da prisão da dor de cagar
LearnSmart is a piece of crap!  It REALLY helps when the font is not 4 and I am able to actaully read the question.  And when I get something wrong I would like to know why instead of showing me something that does NOT teach anything.
I don't appreciate how if one misspells a word/phrase, the entire answer is wrong.  Some flexibility would be much appreciated.
Learn smart is helpful and motivates me to study more, but sometimes I feel like I get tripped up on a question and spend more time looking for the material than actually learning it. I wish the page numbers were shown so that I could read the difficult concepts and move more quickly.	
i think the questions posed are definitely as challenging as they should be; they cover all material while also making certain that students know the answers them selves and shouldn't rely on multiple choice	
Some of the answers to certain questions fit but, if it's not the exact wording as the book, it's not accepted as correct.	
Ability to talk to students that are in my class and online at the same time as me. I can see the scores moving on the right hand side and assuming that students are studying the same time, why not be able to collaborate with other students? Maybe they will have a better way of explaining the questions or help a fellow student to find the correct answer in the book. The best part about this online software is the ability to bring students and teachers together. Especially at our school, we are a community college with no campus dorms. Everyone in our school commutes and then returns home every night. With around 25,000 students and the ever increasing techonolgy in shcools, more and more of our students will be using the internet to complete homework. Make it a social experience not only at school but at home as well. Bring students together and share ideas, create innovation, and use your platform to better learning for our school like it already is. 	
It forces you to read more of the book and review what you don't know. I like this program a lot.	
I feel that this sight helped me realize what I thought I knew and what I actually knew.	
I believe LearnSmart helps me effectively learn the material.  	
This is a great new way of learning material.	
The critereon of this module is fairly apt and provides the perfect challenge to its user who could be described as a novice to the field in which it is perscribed.	
Online exams don't relate to modules well enough. I always feel as if I should do better on the tests than I do after these modules. They need to be more closely related.	
A VERT helpful learning tool	
Many of these questions are way too vague. The material is randomly grabbed from around the chapter, so there is no flow or consistency to what you are supposedly studying. 
Funcionou para mim ...
Some of the questions have answers that are very close in meaning, one question I answered with the term advertising, but the answer you were looking for was communication. Advertising is a marketing specific answer that would fit.
This wasn't a problem in learn smart, but in the online quizzes, answers should be acceptable in decimals or fractions. Just a thought.  Learn smart is awesome, and I love how it treats the information like flash cards so you learn it instead of being quizzed on it, one of the biggest problems in school is that grades get in the way of really learning.	
ss olha depende há Onde ele mora  mais tipo vc pode ver ele em qualquer  lugar  então  é ss e ao mesmo tempo  nn 
Possibly, if you could, layer the questions by difficulty. In the beginning give easy questions, and as the user gets them correct proceed to more difficult questions. Also have more questions related to chemistry, math, and physics. 
E se você me perguntar como estou me sentindo
book and questions don't match!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The LearnSmart modules and homework should be more similar to quiz material and prepare you more for those types of questions.	
Quite enjoy using LearnSmart, to be honest. I think more classes should use this format of teaching and homework.	
lo so;(
somethings we hadnt really covered very much in class so i was not very sure the answer	
I like how it recycles the questions I don't get right. I like to write them down and learn from them later.	
I do good on the learnsmarts and awfull on the tests!!!!!!!!!! Very unhappy and stressed over trying to get all of the assignments done!!!!!!
its stupid cause i cheat all the tiem
Bom dia lindo
In passed modules  there have been a few questions that were messed up, but we still got them right. There needs to be an option to let you guys know if there is a problem with a question whether it be right or wrong.	
late q to passando
Quit forcing your feedback on me.
Your timing system is inaccurate.  I have spent closer to 6 hours on these flash cards, not 1:35 hours:minutes.	
get rid of the rankings! it makes it hard to concentrate.
although this module was not particularly difficult, others i have used of higher difficulty have proved extremely useful.  Learnsmart.  	
I have had to challenge several definitions of terms in the short period of time I have used this program. Sometimes I was wrong, but other times I had documented proof of a term deemed incorrect by your program when it was defined by a medical dictionary to be the answer I typed in. Wether you do this to keep me on my toes or wish to intentionally teach me an incorrect definition of a term, I do not know. Fix it.
Vamos fazer isso. Stan, prenda meu sutiã.
I did not agree that the name of a dog is considered as part of a qualitative variable.	
Love it.  Wouldn't hurt to have more feedback on questions such as why they are wrong or right	
PUT THESE QUESTIONS IN ORDER. How stupid. The typical human brain is not capable of remember these answers so you are forced to go back OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER. So stupid. I have talked to 4 classmates that all agreet that this is a wast of time and they get more by just reading the chapter. I haven't remember a thing despite answer hundreds of these stupid questions. What a waste.... 
There is a pop-up that keeps asking permission to store information on my computer. I keep clicking 'deny' but it continues to pop up every few seconds. I'd like for it to never come back.
I think it would be helpful to be able to access past chapters and continue to try questions from those sections after the chapter assignment is done. I find it somewhat difficult to navigate between chapters to study for quizzes/exams.	
Claro que não!
Good preparation for tests and exams, very good study tool. Questions are difficult but yet challenging and mirror actual test and exam questions	
found it very helpful for review. 	
this is not how I study, and I view this as a waste of time since I am required to this for a grade.
this is fucken bullshit grunt work 
eu namoro o modelo da Calvin clein, com aquela cuequinha ele é demais.
its a little strict with the accents	
me lambe gostoso
que bom e sempre o melhor a fazer quando tem uma  dúvida dessas ou qualquer outra 
ups... l-lo siento... t-te hice demasiado daño amor???
I don't understand how this helps
coucou toi, comment ca va ?
sim no branco com marrom
I like the comments that are added in after I submit my answers!	
These are pointless.
How do we get feedback from challenged questions?	
muitas mudanças depois de muito tempo
uma galinha
Vagina boob	
This is a great tool for studnets and would  be nice to assign to them as an instructor.	
Hey, where is my free gift that I took time from studying to quickly do your survey before time ran out to finish?	
Some of the questions are just unfair...seriously... 	
some times our tests use different wording then the modulecan be confusing but i like having the module to practise with	
Is there something between Very and Moderately?	
Way to many questions
Buceta pretona 
It's a real good way to learn new material. 	
some questions seem to go into unnecessary detail about the content in the text	
Dont give me fill in the blank because too many similar answers can answer the question
Olha a câmera ali 
vamos, eu te amoooo
I normally dislike online homework, but I really like this program.	
Borrachas pero buenas muchachas 
it takes so longgg	
Tá me vendo não seu cego
Honestly, I can't give an unbiased opinion.  This system, what should be a useful supplement to proper class learning, is instead being forced in as a core part of the class, essentially forcing us to pay tuition twice; once to SW TN Community College and once to McGraw Hill.  I'd probably be more open to this service if I didn't feel like I was being defrauded.
Oke
the app is a mess and impossible to get accurate info on progress and deadlines from.	
I wish every course i take had a program like this!! Awesome!!	
GET RID OF LEARNSMART IT IS A TERRIBLE HOMEWORK SYSTEM
I like your system of online learning. But I have an iPad and would REALLY like to see your company make an ebook app for the ipad to work in tandem with Connect+.  Pearson has a great ebook app, use their layout!  Otherwise, I like Connect+
bom tbm
I think LearnSmart is a fantastic way to review chapters and should be a big help on exams!	
This doesn't help me at all. 
It actually really helps me understand the material better. I'm acutally pretty suprised. I really like it.	
I enjoy using this study method to learn	
I'm grateful for the opportunity to experience the LearnSmart system.	
If I were to read the textbook more thuroughly it probably wouldn't be so difficult than by just working through it on what the teacher goes through which seems to be only slightly related to this content.	
por um mundo sem a morgana.
There are too many questions to submit for each module.  I would rather do fewer questions in more modules than more questions in fewer modules	
I have found that some of the questions were either worded wrong or indicated that the book was misinformed. On several occasions I have found the answer in the book and it states the question verbatem. However when I click on what the book states as the correct answer, I get it wrong. 	
In the key terms section you should include if it is 1.1 or 1.2 and so on, it would be helpful to find it in the book and read about it.	
Give the spanish translation for 
Amo só quem tem uma carinho especial por Taejin, o resto eu mando pra puta que pariu.
Fix all of the spelling and grammar errors---makes me get the question wrong
hj tem web-sexo
This application software is a joke. Only connect could make a grown man feel like a frustrated 6 year old. 
.
It is the first time for me using this program, and I do like it.  I like the way it repeats the questions I have missed and where I need to study	
Spent some time away from the computer	
I have been removed from the classroom for 6 years and am glad to see the changes in teaching.	
It would be easier to determine whether or not I know the answer to the question beforehand if it showed the possible answers. It is difficult to guess what exactly the questions are asking without first seeing the answer choices. Otherwise the module is very helpful.	
The videos are the least helpful way of learning material in the history of mankind.
putting them in order needs to be drag and release
I still need to study more to be more confident but this is helping me see how well I am grasping the material and where I need improvement..	
e so soldado perigoso e cada um com seu fuzil 
Most people can answer anything they please and watch their score go way down, finding it funny as I did.
For some reason, this section has been the wasiest one... and I like that.	
correções de última hora.
I like the simulations through Look Smart. I find them helpful.	
this is more a game of memory than a study tool.
This does not help me learn, it only tells me what I don't know.
I really like the idea of practicing only what you miss and that things are re-worded so you can better understand or see it a different way :)	
Some questions were difficult; however, most of them were fair enough.	
How about spell checking your stupid questions and answers.
Honestly I feel bad for other people doing this type of work.
oi?
Learnsmart is a good tool for a class. It's my first time using it and I already know that it will totally help me to study for class exams!	
não todos temos defeitos mas vc tem menos
compaired to the book, the questions are different to what the book explains. one of them needs to be revised. 
eu posso comer seu cu no uno?
I hope I can keep learning this way	
I think learn smart is helpful
seis
I will admit that this learnsmart is considerably better than financial accounting. 
I think that Learn Smart should reread their questions and work on the wording and synonyms.	
Mais si !
id rather be doing work out of the book or studying........
its really easy just time consuming but you get to refresh and read 	
I know I would be more confident about knowing the content if I would review more, not just when I am doing the homework. 	
Fill-in the blank problems are helpful	
great program.  This is the best online access I have used and definitely the most user-friendly	
I like it its a helpful studying tool	
i hate computers
The best way to complete learn smart is by reading the chapter first.  Learn Smart is like an re-enforcement of the information.	
Eu preciso de você.... Eu quero você
this is great thank you to everyone that provides this info. 
and the answer is accumulated depreciation, if you only put the first word it is marked incorrect. this has happened a few times and that is the only possible answeri could be close to useing but i still get it wrong. 
I enjoyed this lesson very much and this website really made it enjoyable. 	
I don't like how you have to repeat the question. It wastes my time.
The fill in the blank questions are absolutely rediculous.  Having to waste that much time to look up a specific sentence in the book is a total waste of study time.
I really like this connect website.  Its a great website to see how well you read the chapter.	
Make it more adaptive to SYNONYMS
the wording of some of the questions makes them hard to answer	
I would like more practice conjugating reflexive verbs in all of their forms. 	
Way too much homework for this class 
I'm not learning anything this is a waste of my time.
There are many questions that have nearly similar answers. I feel like I could learn the majority of the material with merely half the questions.	
It is a lot of fun.	
SIM ME POSSUA
Certain chapters are have a little to many questions	
LearnSmart helps me to verify that I know the material	
make question cycle for 20-25 questions...have more on reviews...takes to long and becomes aggrivating. I am only doing these modules for extra credit. I paid fourty dollars to have this program make me second guess myself. Without this thing I currently have an A in my class. The wording of the questions are aweful and the fill ins are unrealistic...no normal testing has that.
Fill in the blank questions are too difficult. I have no clue what I am supposed to study before doing this.
The questions about scientists are a waste of time. There should be an option for the teacher of the class to keep those questions out of the assignments (most teachers don't care about who made the discoveries).	
Compared to my experience with Rosetta Stone and how that company has constructed a program for language teaching and learning, this product is far inferior. FAR inferior. I can't believe I spent money on this and would rather have my money back, honestly.
eu mamo
some synonim recognition technique for type-in questions please.	
E Eu Quero ser Homem
there needs to be a better system of determining what part of an answer is wrong in the homeworks. sometimes i'll type a sentence in the box, and it will just tell me it's wrong, without telling me exactly what part is wrong. it can be very frustrating.	
cala boca adorador do mão furada
Some teminology is different than the book and confusing to someone not previously exposed to managerial accounting	
it is the best way to learn and remember the concept of this course currently...	
No offense, but these are a waste of my time.  
This is still the worst learning program I have ever used.
É hora de ir para casa
This has been a great experience and I'm enjoying the work given to me and am working wery hard on it.	
I dislike questions where there are more than one answer. The question should at least state how many answers there are. Its a little unfair and a little too challanging.	
i really enjoy the way the questions are worded, it also helps reading hte book before taking the LearnSmart because it pretty much follows the book as precisely as possible. If its helping me and fellow peers then thats all that matters, the toughness that is found in the questions onle allows the student to think harder and work to really get the answer correct.	
Esconda esses navs, boi!
Go by the damn book!!!!!!
I do not enjoy this at all. I do not find it helpful. Not everyone learns this way and to make this required is quite frustrating. In addition, this is busy work. I have other things to do and these take an extreme amount of time that I could be doing other things with. 
some of the wording could be changed, to include words that mean the same thing. If we are trying to learn the basic concepts, then the wording, as long as it means the same thing, could be altered.	
This is a good module to learn and answer questions
Fiz pacto com o capiroto
i prefer multiple choice questions	
the materials in this module on every chapter are consistantly in-congruent with the material in the text book which leads to many incorrect or partially correct answers and a very frustrated student.
I love that I can continue to go back & review & the more I use this the better I get. It is good that you have to know the proper spelling & accents. I've just started this segment but as a rule I use it a lot & find it forces you to commit the material to memory. If I could improve the product it would be to further sub divide the practice material particularly when you have developed a degree of mastery & just want to go back & review something very specific.	
This is toooooooooo time consuming!!!!! 
ecaaaa um paulista 😭😭😭😭😭
I don't like when there are a variety of answers and you don't know how many are correct.  It feels like a trick question.
On one question the answer was AIDS. I spelled the answer out along with the abbreviation and got it wrong. I answered the question correct.	
conversas em que as meninas do grupo não podem participar : naruto,filósofia,abuso infantil,aborto e abito,matemática,agronomia,turismo,economia,elon musk,inglês/outras linguas,cristianismo,historia,budismo,gastronomia,ciências sociais,isatkm,nofap,sentimento,guerras navais,filosofia de cavaleiros do zodiaco,templos maias,sexo a três,monogamia,antisemitismo,calça jeans,spray anti inflamatório,livros,lgbtqyz+,felipe neto,democracia,cultura do cancelamento,feminismo,todas
I hate this crap!
ola
The wording in some of the questions tend to be slightly distracting or misleading. I may just be being critical about it, but that's about the only problem I've had: misreading the question.	
I do not understand the point system.  Also, for the matching, I organized them correctly, but I received no points. Did I not submit correctly??	
I think that you should be able to go back before selecting an answer, and say whether or not you know it.  Often I realize that I should have clicked maybe but it is too late.	
A little bit of this information isn't covered in the chapter.	
Learn smart is a fun way to add a bit of competition to your homework, and it makes learning more fun becuase it seems like a game show ;)	
Você pode ser um trouxa, ou você realmente está amando
consertou algumas coisas menores, pode precisar de algum trabalho adicional.
I think this module is a great tool it most deffinitly helps me	
I like it the way it is and I can't think of anything at this time to help you make it any better.	
But yes, very fun to use! Although you lose a loooooot of points for getting stuff wrong you thought you knew O.O
I wish the program would stop logging me out constantly.  Also i wish it would stop crashing on me.  Makes it very difficult to learn anything when you are being booted off every 10-15 minutes.
Be more reasonable on the spelling. If I spell tariff as tarif, give me full credit. If I put NAFTA instead of CAFTA, don't give me any credit.	
very cool software	
Vai você
In my assessment with this survey, I am judging, not only from my own experiences and satisfaction or dissatisfaction with some of the questions, but also with some the wording of the questions. With that I mean that there are some questions that seem to be worded so vaguely that it leads me to fully and completely believe in one answer, but a completely different answer is correct. In those particular questions, I will challenge the question, and explain my reasoning behind the challenge. Aside from that, LearnSmart has consistently challenged my learning and knowledge base with this material, and keeps it at a level where it is interesting enough to want to learn more, or at the very least, solidify what I have already learned.	
aqui a foto sem roupa
that it is a great learing methods	
word questions more detailed	
not putting the accents in the right place is a problem for me	
I feel that my time would be much better used completing the the assignments at the end of the sections and at the end of the chapters.
I wish ther questions were more related to the chapters	
I understand that science is a very particular about using words and sure it's why mcgraw is particular about their word usage, but I am a visual learner and I have a much more difficult time understanding what is being conveyed. Perhaps, using visual aids to help others understand concepts being taught would be more than appreciated.	
It a good way to study and practice. 	
Balls balls balls balls balls
This tool helps me point out where I need to focus my studying on.	
da terra
this is a waste of time. the professor and the lab and the textbook do a fine job learning me what i need to learn
Make the questions easier to find in the book	
I will know how useful this is after my first test	
sim eu vejo o futuro no meu telemovel
i think its a neat way to learn my material. It is unique because i can do it on my own terms just about anywhere.	
So far, LearnSmart has been easy to use with no major issues. 	
Some of the fill in the blank questions can be a little vague and it seems that more direction could be added to the wording of the problem.	
meu pai te ama
doing something online isnt very helpful because you dont write or in any way communicate to learn. you just guess until u get it right. this is not a very good way to teach at all. i would never recommened this product
Some times you take out marks unfairly. once I entered second and was considered wrong, the right answer was 2nd !!!
I strongly dislike the questions that contain check all that apply.	
(q bosta em)
Apenas me comprometendo para que eu possa ir para casa
sim o itachi tem que virar ademar de todos os grupo que ele ta😖
gostosa é pouco seu cheiro me da tesão, sua bunda é uma delicia e vc é muito peituda, vem cá pra eu te fazer um sexo oral 
provides a good balanced mix of questions	
There are several ways to say some expressions, and learnsmart only accepts one.  Very frustrating 	
This is not worth my time...
sim claro 
This module of LearnSmart has been overall more helpful than a handful of the other modules.  Whether this is because of newly invigorated study habits on my part, or a better compilation of questions in the module, I'm not certain.	
oii ka rin gagu hahah
the modules take too much time to complete i sometimes find my self finishing them until two in the morning ........too much and too long	
Eu te chupo
This is a stupid application, and a waste of time, time that would be better spent actually doing other homework, not busy work. I am not in third grade anymore. Thanks.
I dont like the wording of the questions..makes it more confusing
My only complaint is that I can't find a few subjects that pop up as questions anywhere in my textbook. Learnsmart keeps telling to review marginal this or that and I want to yell at it, I CAN'T FIND IT, YOU EVIL MACHINE, STOP MOCKING ME. Other than that it seems like a good system.	
First, the lesson chapters dont even correspond to the chapters in the book making it very hard to find the right part of the book to read.  Second, going through question after qeustion is very tedious and boring making it hard to take in the information that I am suppose to be learning.  From now on I will be taking classes that don't include the econnect feature 
The first time through, I typically feel overwhelmed by the material. However, once I've practiced and been able to assess WHY I miss the problems the first time, I feel confident that I am actually mastering the material. 	
it would be nice to reference the page number and heading of the answer in order to better reflect on where you need to study.	
Sua salsicha, minhas bolas, são todas de domínio público.
The questions are only slightly difficult because I feel like I know the material well. 	
articles are annoying 	
Learn smart is a great way to learn, it would be great if the professor would actually use material form Learn Smart in his quizzes and exams. 	
espere  todo  mundo  dormir 
sim e agora com vocês ficam ainda melhor
I don't like how I do not know if a question will be fill in the blank or give me three choices until after I tell this module how confident I am. 	
I am so thankful for LearnSmart. It's like pre-made flash cards that are so great to prepare me for my quizes. It has been a great help so far in my learning. 	
LearnSmart helps me to retain information better than just reading and taking quizzes! Thanks!	
Dos seus sonhos. Você já sonhou comigo.
So far this is petty cool - how are we graded?	
The LearnSmart program does not provide enough feedback for answers that were wrong. It does not do a good job of thouroughly explaining missed concepts. 
te quiero
This online homework is the most useless stuff in the world....HATE IT
This system is horrible.  Professors should learn how to teach there students not relying on a junk computer program.
I like it so far , and its not too painful.	
I wish the site was a little more dependable. there has been quite a few times that i was unable to access my ebook as well as the site itself.	
Also when a person has to operate a business he doesnt play games he has to pay bills, unlike poloticians.
I like that it caters to me based on my incorrect answers AND based on my confidence. This really is making me feel good about the things I know but I'm afraid that it doesn't cover everything we're covering.	
Oh sim! E não se esqueça, no ano passado, no acampamento de verão, você foi estuprada por um tubarão! Ha ha!
Difficulty varies. But the material is also more difficult now.	
this is sparta!!!
good way to study !	
I just loveee this program. Like seriously omg!! it's the best :) xoxo
This is a great learning tool!	
Some of the multi answer questions are baddly structured, particulay the one about things to keep in mind when exmaing a balance sheet...rather open to interpretation	
consertar
maluco... lava essa mão vsfd
sometimes there are too many right answers per question and miss one. perhaps have more straightforward questions	
I was worried about how this would work but now I am on my third module and can't wait to create my study quizzes!	
let freedom ring	
this new system is great!	
Some of these questions are practically impossible
Hot Shit ou Total Bollocks
AWESOME!	
É impossível responder.
Learn Smart continues to bring up questions you missed, so yu will learn them.  It is very helpful.	
Sla velho
I don't like the fact that if I space a word wrong or I am fairly close, my answer is still wrong and I have to do another one. Other than that, it is cool.	
This is an aweful way to study.
I think the pre questions asking if the student know the answer to the question is unnessarry.  It takes additional time which college students don't have.  	
Some of the questions need better wording and some clairity.
This is a good way to study accounting material.	
I would really like to use this site as a study tool.	
These rules are arbitrary and ridiculous. Only two fonts per slide. Absurd
Way too long! It does not keep my attention for this many questions! If you were to shorten the questions then maybe it would be more interesting! I dread doing these assignments!
I actually do like this LearnSmart program.	
the system is slow to transition from answer to the next question	
The type in response questions test my learning far worse than the multiple choice	
That person is an idiot.
Some of the answers are not showing on-screen. Normally, questions that ask to match items in two different columns have one box that is empty.	
gostosura do ajax-loader, oh sim
a good study guide	
I cannot understand how questions based on a specific word from a random phrase within the text increase my understanding of the concepts covered. Rather than filling in the blank with an irrelevant word the question should focus on the main points. I have found this particular set of questions frustrating, ambiguous, and feel as if I am retaining very little from the questions. 
Great learning tool!	
não vou dizer
eighty questions is more than an hour's worth of homework	
Not taking sentectes directly out of the book. 	
Some of the best ways to learn material is through testing. Learn Smart is like a test on all the material read so therefore makes a great learning tool.	
sim ! Keu é um viçoso de ibimirim .
Choices sometimes don't match the words in the book.	
This program is truly degrading academia.  Once upon a time instructors taught what was neccessary to the curriculum.  Now, publishers sign contracts with colleges and universities, students do not learn as much or as well, instructors no longer are required to teach, and the entire idea of universitas is thrown out the window.  We are slowly creeping towards a society of educated idiots.  That is to say, by facilitating the decline of once respected institutions into degree mills that churn out poorly educated, highly credentialed graduates, our society will soon be filled with college educated, incompetent individuals.  I feel programs like this are the beginning of this degredation of the ranks both in academia and greater society.  As a result of this, the marketplace will no longer revere the undergraduate degree; it will become obsolete and thus require students to complete Masters or Doctoral/J.D. Degrees to be considered for even the most drab entry level positions.  If such advanced degrees are not required, then our industries will be filled with incompetent leadership that was never properly educated.
eu nao posso falar ! pq se nao ele vai brigar cmg!
Nao
claro pega a coisa redonda e com um buraquinho no meio dentro da gaveta da mamãe e do papai e se não tiver pega um pintinho e coloca na sua piriquita e se a mamãe perguntar fala q o papai ensinou!!!ok?
I don't believe I studied enough before starting the questions. I wasn't expecting such a large amount of very specific questions, but it is fair.	
não confunda bullying com bulimia, você não vai querer vomitar em quem está te espancando, né?
What a great learning tool!  I especially like the fact that I can challenge a question.  Very interactive...and a wonderful plus to my learning experience.	
I am reading some of the answers right from the book and it is counting them wrong.  The one that comes to mind is the corporations being double taxed.  The book says double taxation is a downside which tells me they are double taxed.	
I'm the kind of person who clicks the answer i think is right before submitting it, with this thing it pickes it as my answer right away and sometimes its wrong.	
Eu Vim Da Bahia Meu Nome e Ninguém, Tu Dá o Cu Pra Quem?
Great Work!	
I need the questcons to be read!!!!!!!	
I'm a completely visual learner. This has help me pull out the important information in each chapter.	
Te amo, não se mate
The only confusion I have is based on the time left for the module when you initially click on it and how many items left in the assignment. At first I thought it wasn't about how many I got right but how much time I spent studying.  Apparently it looks like I need to answer a certain amount of answers correctly in order to complete the module  Perhaps I missed this in the initial introduction but that threw me for a loop.  	
to many questions 	
Still love it!	
wish i could reopen the learn smart even after its due just to get extra practice before an exam	
batata frita
Very nice system for the questions. It feels better than having to use notes or the book for reference.	
Este coelho deveria ser morto.
it's a very good system for study, though there are so many questions repeated~	
I hate this program
I love LearnSmart, it keeps me motivated in learning more because it is very interactive and that it provides feedback asap. Hopefully they will provide more hints because at the moment only selected item has hints. Thank you so much for this great learning tools.	
I like this. I've read the chapter, but this makes me go back and focus on specific ideas.	
pendejo
namora cmg?
I've found the homework at times does not correlate with the chapter material.  For instance the homework for chapter 12 correlates with material covered in chapter 9.  Additionally, the system is not user friendly.  It is quite difficult to locate items.  The iPhone/iPad application is limited at best and is not worth taking the time to download.  When discussing with the technicians at McGraw-Hill, I was told to not utilize the app and to restrict my activity on connect to a desk top/lap top computer!  The system needs much improvement to be a useful learning tool!
these exercises are extremly long and too time consuming.  I am not pleased with this part of my course.  It has ate in to my limited time thereby hendering my overall performance in all of my classes.  I would seriously advised on shortening these sessions significantly!
This is the first time I've used anything like Learnsmart and it seems to be very helpful.  I enjoy going over my homework this way.  Thanks	
Thank you for this experience. I assign Learn Smart Study Modules in one of communication courses, but I have not really tried for myself.	
: vou pegar tua mãe aquela puta mal cumida
Nunca antes um pequeno erro de digitação como este causou tantos danos.
Occationally throwing in more difficult or tricky questions would be extremely benefitial. Questions that do not have the word for word answers in the book and are more critical-thinking focused. 	
Very helpful in learning some of the material, especially when one is not technically enrolled in a class and therefore does not have the book for said class.	
I enjoy this type of learning	
eu não aguento mais
I am loosing my time and energy answering stupid questions that are not helping me to learn anything. im anoyed by our program thanks
I wish the LearnSmarts stayed available and open so we could use them to review for our tests.	
I like this tool it helps me review what I read earlier and what we discussed in class.	
when I get a question right the same answer shouldn't be the right one for another question	
This is a giant waste of time and it should be optional. Even without completing these before my three tests, I managed to achieve the grades of 100, 92, 92. Please reconsider this software. Also consider the possiblity of eliminating it completely. There is no way this is helpful.
increasing the level of depth of knowledge over a progression of time and choice would allow a person to get the main ideas down firmly, then move onto the harder questions. 	
Electronic makes me have doubts about comprehension times of this material, especially economics.	
i dont like that some of the questions you can answer multiple answers and some only single and it doesnt tell you before you know how well you know the question.	
João Cavalcantte
palhaçada sa escrita
i feel like not all the answers that learn smart gives us are right, like it leaves out some of its answers that are truly correct and makes them incorrect
Make the font bigger on larger problems	
Sometimes the questions don't make a lot of sense. 	
The spelling feature needs to be more relaxed. I had the correct answer and would invert an i and e but the answer would be incorrect due to spelling.	
It would help if there were questions that consisted of writing full sentences, because thats what I miss on my test.  But I do understand this is vocabulary or grammar.  	
I like learnsmart but wish it accounted for more of the hw points. Also the standings is a cool feature.	
Learn Smart is very valuable however I find that some of the questions are not specific or may unintentionally seem tricky.   thank you for all of the positive aspects of learn smart!  	
i like this way of learning, makes me look for answers and read and learn about it while im looking. i think this is a great tool for learning
I feel like the material here does not cover all of the material on the test. 	
wishes spelling wasnt counted	
It would better if the homework and test questions were organized corresponding to the modules discussed in the chapters. Having to go back and forth to each module takes unnecessary time.	
A e ke qi
I feel as though many of the questions can be answered in too many ways for the learnsmart method.  I also feel that many of the questions cannot be answered using the book offered.
Flash cards do not work so much for me. I do not remember by that method. I do better with practical application. With that in mind, this process frustrates me completely, though I see that the process would be great from someone who learns well from flash cards. 
Thanks for information and practice .	
This LearnSmart really helps me a lot.	
tenta usar o recova cara, talvez funcione :)
It is nothing that a teacher would ask in a classroom or on quizzes
I really like the way the learning smart modules work.	
Brandon 
i think this is going to be very helpful	
This tool is not very effective on learning concepts especially related to the course material.  The option for reviewing text is annoying and does not coinside with acctual learning potential.  Mostly this is just a memorization of terms and inadequite for reviewing text concepts.  More emphasis should be placed on the practical application of the concept and less on the definitional demand.
The choose all that apply questions are outrageous.  When someone who is not a biology person, and is taking this basic Biology course to move on with their degree, has to read blocks of sentances all sound the same yet different it is etremely frustrating to try and pic the right answer.  
Thank you for the help provided.	
multiple choices would be appreaciated. it will make it easier.	
Way too many questions to answer for each chapter. Often questions are repeated	
Focus on actually important concepts. Maybe then I'll learn something.
This is stupid. This does not help me study at all. I really dislike this. Cancel this assignment and let the students study themselves.
I do not appreciate the significance or value of rating my confidence in answers. The objective is to learn the material, this is an obnoxious additional step. If you want to rate the user, give them a chance to learn the material and then quiz them on a few or all the questions again. 
I strongly dislike this website, it is set up very poorly. 
Make an andriod app please.	
1) My teacher wishes he could adjust which questions are asked us based on the test and I agree.
This is a FANTASTIC learning tool!	
the questions are either very easy or I feel that they're trick questions. There's no middle ground. I could do away with those trick questions.	
estou aqui (:
i wish that you would do more questions so that if i were to cycle through the material, i would get the same questions in a different way more than once that if i really know the material, i will know the answer no matter how it is presented. having more questions would hlep. repetition is the key :)	
Very helpful to my studies, i am a visual learner so the setup as short quick answers/questions is fantastic but 62 new items every day?!!! I lost concentration after the first 30 minutes and ive been working on this ingle module for over 2 hours.	
shorter lessons.	
Good Stuff	
this is really helpful and will be trying to use this to study along with the book as much as i can	
this is a good system	
I enjoy using LearnSmart and think it does help with learning and understanding the content of the textbook	
i love how it offers a time out...the test lasts sooo long.	
I think the errors in these modules that make scores go down because of mistakes that are NOT the student's are unacceptable.
i dont think its very helpful becuase students just end up taking screenshots of the answers and going back to fix their wrong answers
I didn't like that if it was a one answer question you weren't given the opportunity to review your answer before it was submitted.  It was automatically submitted for you regardless.  I think as with any time you answer a question you should be given the opportunity to review prior to submission.  Just my opinion....	
buy n throw away
AHHHHHH. I've spent so much time! Too long! The learnsmart says ex. 30 min, 45 min, 48 min....NOOOOO! It takes 1 to 3 hours! ahhhhhh!!!!	
Please reconsider the wording of the question which states: Male sex cells (sperm) are called ______, with the correct answer being gametes and one option being sperm. Since gametes are found in both men and women, the question is just really misleading. Thanks! Love the program!!	
FIll in the blank answers are difficult because sometimes there are several words that fit the question, but only one will give the correct answer.	
it would be nice to overlook slight spelling errors and there should be protection against accidental submission of premature answers, i.e. are you sure this is your answer, yes or no?
vo pegar na tua teta fon fon 😋
great help!	
This system is something that students dred to work with. It is useless and time comsuming
ah sim craro
the questions are worded poorly sometimes and the directions are not that clear as to what is wanted on some questions. It is hard to determine sometimes whether I should select multiple answers or just one answer for questions.	
It's more difficult than the homework.
dizem que punheta faz mal, mas será q é verdade?já eu acho que punheta é algo que deus deu aos feios para eles não gozarem na cueca dormindo todos os dias.
The time spent in this module are way too much for working parents. I think they should be revised.	
not so many questions per chapter	
deve funcionar agora.
Sometimes I think I know the answer to the question but the answers you provide are not what I was thinking.  Sometimes it is difficult to understand what the question is asking exactly.	
This is really helpful!	
esqueci de salvar aquele arquivo
I think the questions, although a little tricky, are fair.  I need to slow down and not make so many mistakes, because I understand the material.	
This is the biggest waste of time ever, I hate doing these modules, I cant believe i actually was forced to spend money on this garbage.
this program only rewards memorization through failure and wastes a good hour that could be spent beating the book over our heads or anything more beneficial than LearnDumb
why does it show that i havent completed certain chapters but on my cell phone it does?	
very nice!	
baixa, Ela Te Ama
Yours truly,
I really like LearnSmart I just have to work in the day and its not enough of hours in the day.	
XYZ- -&T_T*
Afta é como as meninas chamam, Kenny. Na verdade, é herpes.
Acho que posso voltar a tentar destruir o mundo novamente.
sef é gostosa pra caralho vcs n sabe oq tao perdendo sem pedir foto dela
the tests im taking in class only contain about  5-10 percent of the material im covering in the book and online study materials, very disconcerting when you are trying your damndest to acheive an A.	
These are not found in the book at all!
I don't like your UI. I do not like your  little score board at the top left of the screen. Just it being there is annoying me. 
enjoying the LearnSmart	
Acouple of the segments changed over without me being able to touch them with my answer which is unfair, but already done and I knew the answers, they just turned over.	
gasosa 😔👍🏻
I Love LearnSmart...I really believe it helps me do better!!!!	
Very good! I like it!	
Você deveria ter confiado em mim.
Many questions in Learnsmart not covered in associated chapter.	
I like that if I misspell or type a slightly different word, it will recognize that and show what I meant to type.	
eh, im more of a multiple choice kinda guy...	
Quem deixou os insetos sairem ??
This is a really difficult and heavy information chapter. It's frustrating because I did read and thought I understood and remembered the material before I worked on the flashcards. Obviously I did not enough.	
The definitions being used are book definitions which aren't practical to our everyday understanding of course material. Also, nitpicking between nonmanufacturing vs. non-manufacturing is ridiculous.
no comments
I think that some of the misspellings that I put in are only off by one letter and it is irritating to have it count against me even though I missed it by only one letter. Also, in some of the matching sections, the catagories don't move after I clicked the arrow and this results in me missing the question even though I knew it. But other than that, I find this a great way to solidify the things I've been studying and working on.	
lucas odeia vcs tudo
Usually need to look up answers so being fairly difficult would be a fair answer.	
It is a decent learning tool but sometimes I feel I want to get it finished and don't take a break even though it suggests I do so. I don't know how you could speed it up or break it down a bit more into sections but that could help.	
It might be a few too many questions, but over-all it's a wonderful program. I actually enjoy it. :)	
questions vary in difficulty	
I like using learn smart i feel that it helps me out alot !	
I love to do the LearnSmart Module! It really helps me prepare for the quizes and tests. It helps me study and doesn't take too much time out of my day. 	
I only read Atlas A, I didn't know Chapter 1 was different, I thought they were the same thing. I would have done a lot better had I read Chapter 1	
I like Learn Smart, however it would be helpful if I knew whether or not the answer to some of the questions will be fill in the blank or multiple choice when I choose how confident I am.  	
%name% tem %battery%% de gays
The boxes are sometimes too small for the amount of information provided in the questions or the number of options allowed for answers. This makes the text very tiny and difficult to read. There's no reason the boxes couldn't be resized (either automatically or through user control) so that the text could be large enough to comfortably read.
Please Help me!!!!! i Need help!!! alot of IT!!!!!!1
some of the questions are worded poorly 	
The fill in the blank questions are rather ridiculous with their hit or miss functionality.  Many of the vocabulary that I used could have easily replaced and in fact are used over other terms in other textbooks about chemistry are simply disregarded and assumed incorrect, which just makes the studying frustrating and tedious.	
The assignment was designed for 50 minutes.  Clearly, the time estimate was way off.
empregos ... empregos steve
No excuses I need to pick up my slack.	
-g esh menino chato, não suporto
woa !! este foi realmente DIFÍCIL!
ecaa tic tecor
Great site.	
portuga
Not a fair tool.
questions that recycle are helpful because they reinforce material that i missed	
sou eu
Great system ya got set up here	
most of these answers are opinionated which makes its very difficult, i know you all are the experts but people can listen and speak in different ways and still be successful at public speaking	
the book does a really poor job of explaining how to obtain the answer for the homework. I am really lost
I really like LearnSmart. It has really helped me learn and review the material I have been reading.	
Learn smart is really good for learning I would use it more if I could, but I have other classes to study for as well. My time is too limited to spent to many time on working on learnsmart	
this whole program is a fucking stupid excuse for teachers to not teach and for all information to be standardized and monetized by the online education companies.  shame on higher learning for devolving to this.
Eu esqueci de cometer ... Então aqui está.
Great source to study with. I like how you can go back and review before a test	
Sometimes the way a question is worded will confuse me. I then answer incorrectly because I'm not sure what the question is supposed to be asking me. I think the questions should be looked at a little more closely from now on.	
no no quiero que tu amiga y tu hermano se cagen en las patas son tan miedosos ellos
some answers are not consistent with (credible) outside sources. also, some answers are too tricky - this should not be a test, but a way to prepare for the test	
Oftentimes, I don't know if I know the answer the question until the answers are shown. Since I cannot proceed until I select how well I feel I know the answer, the grading scale does not accurately reflect my knowledge.	
<3
fez tudo
The LearnSmart module is useful for reviewing and studying past information that I forgot. I would like more questions that do not give you multiple choices but ones where you must produce the answer on your own.	
Since my teacher teaches me nothing, and I spend hours teaching myself this crap, I would say learnsmart really helps when it come stime to test on things I would have never been able to know.	
I enjoy this process of accounting; this was very helpful and  knowledgeable.	
besides the calcution, conceptual questions are advised to test in LearnSmart so that we can know how to such questions in words during the exam. Thanks!	
It will be easier to judge the effectiveness related to the time using the program vs the grade and information related to the test presented by the instructor after the test is taken and graded	
I really enjoyed using this program it help very much.	
I feel like not all of these topics are discussed in the book, and most are not thoroughly covered in class.  It is easy to memorize the answers on here, but when they change for class or a test, I am not sure if I will be successful.  However, this covers so much more information that we do not cover in class which is good if it is not in the book either and we are expectecd to know it for the test.	
useful tool	
The questions are difficult enough that I really have to apply myself which will be very helpful in preparing me for tests. 
This have help me to understand most of the subject in learning POLS and how its government work.	
After doing the modules or whiling doing them, sometimes i feel i am not studying correctely.	
The write in answers cn be a little vague, leading to an array of answers that could fit the shoe. One example of this flaw is, Indentured servatude was replaced by african ______ I wrote in slaves while the answer was slavery essentially the same answer, just written differently. 
More pictures & diagrams from the book could be added to increase the diversity in people who are visual learners.	
Your fill in the blanks are worthless one of the anwser is wasin this is frustarting and have nothing to do with the major concepts of the chapters. This hurts my learning more then it helps
The notes given by the professor rarely are helpful within this module.
it would be helpful if there was a page number to reference the information that we are looking up so we know where to go to answer the questions. i wasitng alot of time jsut flipping throught the pages to find the answers.	
Eu não acredito nisso
quero falar sobre vc!
hmmm
I honestly love LearnSmart. These homework assignments are very helful to me. However I just wish the exams mirrored the LearnSmart questions more accurately. Sometims the exams have questions that I don't remember seeing on the LearnSmart homework. 	
Some questions have more than one right answer, but you have to choose whichever one Learn Smart wants you to choose.
Nunca vou contar uma mentira e te machucar
Make amount of questions reasonable for the lesson. This lesson does not require to be tested on 40 questions maybe 28 is a reasonable amount.	
Questions set you up to fail. 
There are a few questions worded in ways the book does not show. Sometimes too big a difference, but most of the time not.	
too many question for the ammount of material covered
I don't want to spend like 3 to 5 hours on like 150 questions. I liked it when I had just 60 some questions in the previous chapters. I am in a hurry to get done and I don't take the time to read it especially when I have 3 chapters to do because these are so long. It does not help me study. It makes me to nervous with having so much to do that I can't focus.
t. t é para tartaruga.
sim,você quer namorar comigo?
Chapter 12 was downright terrible, all of the questions were so closely related that it took me an extremely high amount of time, this chapter was MUCH better in its layout and I was able to learn it much more easily.	
I like how questions that are asked before, that you get wrong, are asked again. It makes me pay attention to the answers more. Also, I think as an improvement, at the end of the activity there should be an overview of what the person has gotten wrong and what they need to work on.	
keep it up	
honestly i think this website is busy work. i wish you did make kid feel like they need to get a good score and it take to much time. i know that it trying to help us get to know the info but pounding this kind of info into are heads is not whats going to work. maybe if you make the text book a real text book not a loose leaf booklet it would be easier. i know alot of people in other accounting classes that have way better textbooks
This is the first time I have used this tool and I really like it as a teaching aid.	
Not very helpful, use more memory than learning
kpop não têm opinião
Sim,  uma festa na piscina
Much better way to study than merely reading the book or going over slides. It genuinely helps. Definitely going to start using it more.	
I do not learn well from being asked poorly worded oblique questions on the computer. I learn by studying out of a book and handwriting notes. The fact that computer work is required for this class (not an online class) takes time away from my proper studying and it is a waste of time for me.
I had one question that asked me to give the two best answers given and then I chose two and the correct answer required three. So it can be a bit misleading!	
If you answer a question incorrectly a similar question or the same question will pop up later, I like seeing the repetition	
Half of the questions on this connect were about the finger nail... which the instructor said we wouldn't be tested on... My guess is the instructor took 5 minutes to set this up so I could waste an hour of my time.  Thanks...
please no fill in the blanks, also don't detract points for spelling.Plus the whole getting more points when you click yes i know the answer instead of the others is making people's answers biased. 	
The fill in the blanks are annoying	
I do not feel that the information in the Learnsmart Activitys match the information in the book. When I have problems with a question and try to look it up in the book sometimes I can't even find the terms in the book at all. It will ask for a definition and the I have to look it up on the internet because it is not found in the chapter or the book at all. It makes learning the material very difficult and confusing. I don't really know what to expect on a test. I don't know if I should study more of the book or more of the module. 
Paulinho Castro
A question asked me what structures were present in the midbrain, and listed 4 answers including reticular formation and the brain stem. In the book on pg 72, the brain stem was listed as part of the HINDbrain rather than the MIDbrain, with only the reticular formation listed as a structure of the midbrain, I got that question wrong and was told that the brain stem is a structure of the midbrain. I was following completely out of the book and don't feel I should have gotten that wrong.	
Its difficult but needed in order to understand.  Need to tell people before they start how the yes and just guessing helps	
I feel the learn smart gives a better over all learning experience for the class.	
I am actually shocked at how well I am learning from this particular program	
The quizzes do seem much more difficult than the LearnSmart practice modules.	
Very helpful but this LearnSmart consumes way too much time for an assignment	
I would like to see a large volume of question available.  Or at least similar ones, re-worded to test knowledge.	
Questions are too specific	
when you get a question wrong, it would be nice to have an explanation. It sends you to the textbook, but I've found that the textbook explains generalities and isn't too explanative of specific questions. Therefore its hard to apply the reading to the questions, while having an example and answer can help clarify it.	
And only give less 70points when i get right?
It's aight, nigga	
merda.
The other issue I have is that according to your own books reference terms for factors of production did not include crude oil, yet the question includes it as an answer. While I understand this is part of the subtext to a given category there within it is not obvious from the question that we are referring to all items beyond their explicit top-level value.
get rid of the do you really know the answer question before the questions	
When using this the answers seem to be easy after discovering the answer, thus it seems irrelevant to have the questions repeat themselves right away.	
Absolutely none of this helps me with Chemistry. None of it at all. I'm not succeeding because of Learn Smart, but despite it.
mlk chato para de ficar enchendo meu saco seu arrombadinho do krl vai procurar algo pra fazer e para de ficar me chamando o tempo todo seu animal
I feel as if this is going to help me much more than any other method of learning I can come up with on my own!	
Using this program helps me remember and retain all the information given to me. 	
questions introduce material in a light manner. a bit more in depth questions would be appreciated. otherwise a great program that i am satisfied with	
I should not be forced to use this. I study better from a book than I do an online quiz. I also am not paying for an online class so therefore I should not be required to do online work.
Fair amount of work for a full time student.  Little harder when your also a full time plus employee and parent.	
I accidentally checked two of the wrong answers which caused my score to drop, that's not cool. I think it might be beneficial to have an are you sure button.	
I want to study small section of repeated problems at the time.	
I really like this tool	
because this is an on-line class, I find the learnsmart module very helpful.  At times the questions are difficult but having the time to go back to the book to review the material helps me understand it better.  I have a hard time comprehending what I read so just reading the chapter is not helpful.	
Droga, Cartman!
It seems like a few of the questions in this module are more like a guessing game than they are helpful for checking understanding and reinforcing the concepts.	
It is very time consuming. I feel that it should display reviews before asking questions. I can't help feeling after finishing that I am still not ready for the exam. 	
Too many questions in each module	
this is a good tool, I really like it.	
Assigned these modules but instructor has not yet covered material, and wont cover it before these are due. So i'm doing these blind
Learn smart is very picky about spelling and grammar	
seems like its a waste of time
se sua mãe fosse inteligente ela teria ter abortado
I think that the learning modules should do tests on each chapter instead of sticking more than one chapter on one exam. 	
this helped me a lot to study	
I read the book first, like an intelligent person would.	
need to cut the length of questions down	
Enitrely too time consuming. Far from helpful.
Sometimes it's confusing trying to access past modules for the extra practice questions.	
menos palavras francesas
My teacher has a lot of fill in the blank questions, so more of those would be very helpful!	
Use LearnSmart as a revision practice after class, not a pre-class lesson.
It would help if I had my book.  But the publisher is on back order so that is why I am scoring so low.
caco cachi, se li mangio non li digersco
It's very useful for learning the basics, and learning what needs to be studied for a test. 	
sabe por que namorar uma mendiga é bom? e que na hora de levar pra casa e só deixar ela em qualquer lugar
We were only assigned part A, there was a lot of part B questions.	
Learnsmart is the single biggest waste of time in my life. 
there was only one question where the format was confusing: (word/word) definition. i did not know it was a - pick one or the other question. i do know	
Takes to long and i end up just clicking through. To do this on top of the homework, pre quizes, and trying to study for the exam is just a little to much.
leave out the how well you know option, incorporate less fill in the blank with more multiple choice/multiple option	
I have come across a few times where I was asked a question and I couldn't even find the answer in the book. 	
It's useless. It doen't help students despite what any data may say. Data is always manipulated... it's just sad my school feel for it and I now have to pay extra money for useless time-consuming things
agr fudeu
Learn Smart is great, i dont use it enough and should use it more. It makes the material easy and chunks up my study time nicely. the questions need to have more consideration for grey area answers or need to be more clear on the questions asked.	
I like that it provide questions that are difficult and insightful	
When I accidentally picked the wrong answer it automatically assumed that it was the answer I wanted, when I already knew it was wrong. It should make you submit your answer, not automatically do it.	
I noticed some grammatical errors throughout the questions 	
sistema foda né, efeito do criador vender a alma
A good 30% of the questions did not use answers from the book, or the exact wording from the book as the answer. It was poorly wirtten and difficult to comply with when the book states one thing and the test says another or claims there was more.
I most certainly need to study some more. 	
sss
Too much.
Eu não sei o que estou fazendo
There are so many typos it is ridiculous; it is very distracting.	
Even when I get a question right, if I am unsure, I would like to have the question repeated several times.	
I really like the difficult questions, it really helps me learn the material. I use this as a prestudy tool to help me understnad my notes and before I do my other homework assignments that count for a grade. My teachers use this as a bonus option, because it does take up alot of time; so I really like it to help with my more important assignments. I wish all my teachers would use this or programs like it as study material.	
Definitely need to study more, but this helps a lot	
This has been a really good expereanced for me to learn ACCT. everything about this sit is wonderfull. my thinking processing is working extremely perfect and im learning what i need to know. 
A+! Great job!	
some of the stuff is not correct or has numerous meanings.
I think that it would be great if there was the vocab at the endof each chapter in the form of cards and/or to be able to create my own cards!	
mamaco
The questions here and the questions on the CONNECT quizzes do not resemble eachother. I often feel ill prepared for the quizzes, though confident with the homework.	
This is a waste of time.  It is easier to just answer them wrong the first time around in order to get right answer for when it comes back around in the stack.  I do not learn anything at all during these modules.
This helps a lot with the explinations and everything. I will probabaly practice some more later ;]	
I would like to see LearnSmart display an explanation every single time a question is finished -- there were several incidents in which I guessed the answer and ended up getting it correct, but was still unsure of the material I needed to learn. I really like this program, I think it has been so helpful getting me prepared and caught up on the material I needed to cover, thank you!!	
Quite helpful in retention. 	
its a complete waste of time and the only reason i actually do it is because of the inpact it has on my final grade for the class, i have a A in the class and would still have a A without this waste of time program
I like it alot helps me study and makes me study.	
The whole process with Learn Smart is challenging but at the same time it is easy to access. 	
I JUst Dont Get Chemistry and it suck and it makes me frustrated bc i cannot wrap my head around some concepts:(
gente dnv n e indireta nem nada mais tem filosofo no gp que bate na tia dos outros 😳
seila
I am really enjoying LearnSmart, great way to practice and study for upcoming chapters and exams!	
Allow for more spelling errors.	
WHY WOULD YOU MAKE ME WASTE SO MUCH TIME ON THIS. I'M IN COLLEGE AND HAVE OTHER WORK. 
the program its ok, not hard and not easy	
one of the questions asked for the english translation of you hear  that question needs to be reviewed. and the answer was de donde eres, or thats what should have been asked english for de donde eres answer where are you from	
If possible it would be good to add questions that make us choose from or provide a mechanism procedure or steps. Would probably work best through mutliple choice with images.	
não sei tranzar
This really helps me learn and provides me with a good way to study my material.	
I enjoy this type of hands on study and would find more self study materials made available.	
I have always really appreciated Mcgraw Hill finding new and exciting ways to eat away my student loan money! Thank you for helping to destroy the American Education System and making it even less accessible to an increasing amount of people! I am glad that your CEO Mr. Harold Mcgraw III was still able to squezze out of americas students his annual 5 million dollar salary!
miss spelling words should not be counted wrong	
Vague questions should be removed.  Please remain specific.	
It's just memorizing answers, not actually learning.
It is very helpful and I like the repeatative questions 	
it with the ebook works greatly 	
Is the test going to be strictly material I see in the modules?	
Learn Smart helps a lot and seems to place focus where my weak points are	
Foi o melhor dos tempos, foi o pior dos tempos
Nghe ne bx
Make improvements to the Moble version, like the chapter number, and have it effect the content done in the online version	
não quenga o mundo não gira ao seu redor, Karol conka, lumena aleluia. Morra!!!!
It's helping me a lot!	
Everything is just fine to sutdy and help us to get prepare to the exams and to pass the class.	
For any question dealing with increasing or decreasing, it would be ridiculously helpful to specify which direction is increasing and/or decreasing.	
this are annoying
I like to attempt the LearnSmart questions prior to reading a chapter to help highlight important facts. After reviewing the chapter, the LearnSmart modules are an effective study tool.	
I think it helps me a lot 	
This is not an effective way for me to learn.  I find that I am more confused about the material because of these online modules.  I avoid doing this portion of the course because it is not beneficial and reduces my retnetion.  I also find that too many of the questions on the quizzes are not from the material here.
thank you for a good learning that this company created. good job.	
Sometimes it seems really long but I know I learn best by repetition so it works, and I really appreciate going back over questions I already know as well.	
Learnsmart forces me to learn the material that I may otherwise attempt to skip. When I miss too many questions, I'd rather actually learn the material, than keep missing the questions.  That is  the most helpful concept.  It would also be nice to have a VERY short 2 minute teaching questions after ever few questions to help reinforce frequently missed sections of material.	
el trem td 2 passa nada cv 😎😎😎😎✌🏄1�7
Too many terms in too short a period - my head spins with similar terms and ideas.	
Cascos Derpy
this is a LAZINESS TOOL TO KEEP PSEUDO-TEACHERS GETTING FREE MONEY FOR DO NOT TEACH AND JUST LOAD ASSIGNMENTS LIKE THIS ONE
i love connect!!!	
This is awful
Opa, de nada!
i think that the LearnSmart program provides a great study and learning tool for the material covered in the course testbook.  It also helps to connect political concepts with public knowledge.	
LEARN SMART RULES	
Its not learnsmart's fault I don't get this junk. 	
I wish I could use ebook for all my classes!	
some of the click all that apply questions make me feel like I am answering incorrectly; oftentimes almost all or 2/3 of those options listed are being used and on occasion it lists selections that I couldn't glean from the reading.	
É segredo!
Some of the questions are worded poorly and that affects the answer. For example, a recent question about an alkyl substituent-it wasn't clear whether the entire structure shown was the substituent or whether the branch off the short chain was the substituent in question.	
hun kan kneppe min fisse men hun er den bedste
debugo
NSA backdoor - ignorar
Only problem I really have is the spelling	
The questions on each module had nothing to do with tests taken and what teachers actually want a student to learn. Its good book knowledge, but it does not help with inclass quizzes and take homework. It certainly does not help with tests
This program takes too long to complete, it is frustrating, and does not teach me anything. There should only be one right answer to a question not 5 or 6 right answers and if you miss one of them you get the whole entire question wrong! FIX THIS!
I think this is a fairly effective method of learning. 	
again, the instructor needs at least some control over the question selection so we dont get questions over stuff we dont need to know. its tough enough with the core material in the objectives as it is 	
dou a maior força pra vcs dois,kamila ele te ama tenho certeza kkjj
I am retaining the material more quickly with learnsmart.	
boa tarde joven (oboyvicio)
It's not keeping track of my score.	
Some of the fill in the blank questions are impossible to get.  Mainly because they arnt in the book, we cant infer what the answer is when it could me many different words.	
the amount of time that I am spending is varying b/c my children interupt regularly and I have to pause.	
obeso
connect helps me and prepairs me for lectures. every thing kind of falls in place	
ton dent
Some confusingly worded questions not found verbatim in the book which is understandable, however, the degree of dilution was quite significant compared to the actual text. That is all.	
50+ questions is redicuous and it takes far too long to complete. 
I like how when you get a question wrong the same question will come back up later, to help you learn the terms.	
on questions where there are multiple answers allowed, having the 'how comfortable' page display, click 1 was confusing at first.  when the question was answerable I clicked only 1 answer.  once i noticed the 'choose all' I adjusted my activity.	
I'm a rather terrible speller, so it's a bit frustrating when I continue to miss the same questions simply because I can say, but cannot type, the correct response.	
This took wayyyyyyy too long!
Sometimes your answers are not as the book states!!!	
It's very difficult to read the questions with a lot of text.  I can't zoom on the page either. If it was larger size it would be easier to read.	
sim , vc deveria ir atrás dela 
Explanations after every card that I get wrong would be super helpful.	
I really enjoy learning from this! It's a great study tool that helps me review the chapter and test myself without feeling any pressure. I can see how well I know the material from this!	
it seems like the index is very helpful at locating certain words but i find some answers located in section that  our class hasn't covered yet. 	
LearnSmart is a fun way to learn!	
I hate connect.
sometimes the answers unknown that can be found in the book ar ein unexpected places. As well some of the answers present things as simple truths that are not fully true due to the a slight diference between the statment and what the provided supporting evidence actually supports. 	
this was a great learning experience for me.looking forward to more.	
why do we have to do three of several questions, if there isnt enough questions why duplicate them
LearnSmart is awesome!!! Gimme more!	
pretty epic	
This is so much better than Smart Works. I love it.	
I have enjoyed the this  class. I like the format.	
sera que você não percebeu q eu já estou morta, o lucas atual é so um robo, e na vida real ele ja morreu?
These problems are just busy work.
The questions are too deep and specific. Honestly, in college with 5 other classes, I don't have time to read every word of my history book, but at the rate of how in-depth the questions are so far, I'm going to need to.	
e vc dá o cu
It is a better why to go over material then just reading, especially if you are more of a hands-on learner.	
I like the LearnSmart program because it actually makes me work with the new material I just read and hear in lecture, and I would be less likely to study it on my own because I literally hate chemistry class so thanks keep doing what you're doing :)	
Stop telling me what to do! If I want to break to study I will. I don't need to be told!
I have previously learned everything in this book and DNA replication was one of my favorite chaptera, so this one was just one big review session.	
We never have any of the fill in the blank questions on any of our test, they also seem like a total waste if I memorize a term differently from how the book wants me to learn it.
if asking for a fill in the blank, be word for word from the text because certain questions have similar answers to other definitions	
bora come capim 😳
I didn't know what to expect about this module and I started taking the test without being prepare for it. I thought that reading the watching the material was going to help me learning it. But I realized that I have to take notes all the time in order to remember the things I read or I try to learn. I think that if I did that, I could do much better in this test.	
Oi amor
FUCK LEARNSMART
Sem tempo para se comprometer .. Meu povo precisa de mim!
I did not get a grade to register after complrtion of 1st vocabulary	
Wording on a few questions throws me off a little. 	
você né gata
omae wa mou shindeiru
Some of the verbage is confusing	
This system definitely goes above and beyond expectations for exam material, also providing plenty of variations of questions to truly test whether you know that material or not by asking questions with the same answer in different ways. 	
really helps learn the material studied in this class. very helpful	
nao vaca!
make sure the app registers that I have taken these tests	
I read the chapter, but the questions are very complex which is a posivtive because its helping understand the material better but hard to get majority right	
this program is honestly terrible
The most difficult thing for me to do with LearnSmart is to fill in empty spaces instead of choosing fom a list of answers.	
i dont like typing in the answers there are too many possiblities of answers that could be worded diffrently 	
These really help with the test!	
Doesn't accept terms that mean basically the same thing ex. White vs. Caucasian	
I think that there are way too many questions. Needs to be shortened up a bit so it doesn't take 30min-1hr just to read and click through all of them. The wording of questions sometimes makes me second guess myself even though I know it.	
This module is much better than the other modules I have completed.	
LEARN SMART IS BAD
This is dumb.
SÉRIO.
the spelling issue for fill in the blanks is frustrating.  Also, I feel like many of the questions are just stats and don't get at the underlying principle.	
some questions really need to be reworded, because they are very misleading	
what I liked most about this module is how there is no fill in the blank questions very helpful for students.	
It's actually really helpful, I just tend to procrastinate and have to rush through the modules.	
I dont think that the material is too difficult I think that it is material that I should know that I don't know, sadly!	
chupa as minhas primeiro aii eu pego as suas
sim ou nao
Takes way to long,,,to many questions	
I hate them
The wording of the questions can be confusing	
Really help to prepared for exams.	
This is simply a lame guessing game and a waste of my time. If I was not obligated to complete these assignments, I wouldn't. My time would be much better spent actually reading and analyzing the material in depth from my notes and the publication. 
It's probably the most balanced study guide I've done yet but I have very limited experience with your software.	
Why is this required for my course? I find it to be a complete waste of time.
I actually found this very helpful in pointing out where I'm going wrong. It seems to mostly be accent marks and such.	
The material is pretty simple you just have to focus and understand what your learning.	
an option to hear the question would be nice, sometimes I misread the question by mistake and hearing it might help as well as reading it	
Some questions have grammar issues.	
Difficulty is due to ambiguity of questions. 
is very good	
i think this helps a lot with learning.	
Some of the questions are very specific yet don't seem to be what I initial highlighted as key ideas	
There needs to be a little bit of wiggle room with the answers because sometimes they are worded to where there can be more than one answer	
macaco dio boia
matching would be a good effect with the modules. the scrolling up and down can be somewhat confusing at times	
I read chapter 5 but a lot of those questions I do not remember seeing.  I also do not remember hearing any of this in class and none of these question were in my notes from chapters or class...	
i just keep refering to my notes but most of the answers arent in their, also the questiones are worde differently then i learned then	
elaborate more on wrong awnsers	
There are too many questions for each assignment. I'd prefer more assignments with less questions than these assignments with lots of questions.	
This program helps as a study technique for tests and quizes. Love this program	
Some questions I knew, but what I found out is that; the more time spent reading the book, the easier the questions are. The ones I topics with frequently missed questions shows where i stopped reading	
para o mundo ficar mais limpo e lindo, precisamos excluir os pretos pq eles são sujos
It's hard but it's worth it in the long run.	
It is not helpful to me to have two questions so similar that I cannot tell them apart, but which have different answers. I have noticed two sets of questions like that in this module so far, the questions about axons/dendrites and the questions about nuerogenesis/nueroplasticity. I would learn these better if the questions higlighted what is unique about each subject, rather than their similarities.	
com 100 anos
Cool stuff	
good way to help study and remember the info	
It is a very good study tool. 	
Other than that I like the module and it is making it more easy for me to study and review what I really dont understand. 
It would be nice if it would tell me the right answers after I've submitted the review sections. That way I would know if I missed a question or not. 	
One question reads, A ________ is a small, membranous organelle that breaks down hydrogen peroxide; the correct response is peroxisome.  This question gives the impression that the peroxisome's purpose is to break down hydrogen peroxide when it's purpose is to break down toxins using hydrogen peroxide.  The question could use some rewording to accurately reflect what occurs.	
pitxo
This is awesome! I feel like I'm learning and I love that i get to see my rank in the corner. Seeing my rank  makes it kind of like a game, and it keeps me motivated.	
The main thing I wold add would be a link to text button so that the user could look up a question when they need to find it.	
i love how i am offered a break sometimes i take it and sometimes a dont but i like the option.	
It has been helpful.	
erros corrigidos no commit anterior
I really like the module approach. Everyone learns differently and for me it equates to flashcards which works well for me. 	
The questions should be more multiple choice.	
This is a great way to check up on my reading comprehension. It's active, and is a nice break from the ordinary reading.	
sim sou mesmo
tou otimo por esta conversado com vc
If this LearnSmart module is made to assist with studying, difficulty should slowly progress. 
Há um tempo e um lugar para tudo, e isso se chama faculdade.
I need to obatin a hard copy of the book and my results should improve. Using an ebook can be helpful but is does not have the same benefits of using a hard copy of the text	
Useless. The Chapter should at least be taught in class and not left up to a computer. We honestly do nothing in class because of this LearnSmart thing
marcas
Bem, está fazendo algo.
should let me review the book besides letting us answer the questions	
claro,já vi vcs namoraram
h ooiw <
I like the system. Helps me see the content that I have not read yet. 	
It's like a card game...the more (difficulty) you risk, the higher the profit (or loss). I like it!	
gozei
sincerely,
Too many questions per chapter.
cala boca seu macaco
too many questions next time can you make them less long like 30 questions or something like that	
One last thing.  I am also taking individual income taxation, using the white book (2012-2013 ed.).  Why is there no Learnsmart module for that book?  I paid $250 for it (the most I've ever paid for a book + connect) and the features are VERY lacking, for such a difficult class.
I wish the questions were more technical. They help me to understand the subjects better on a wider spectrum, but when it comes time to test, I haven't learned the specifics because the text can be confusing. It is hard to read and takes notes over things that are so complicated and use a big vocabulary. It is much easier to learn by doing; LearnSmart provides me with the ability to do that, however; the questions are not as tough as my exam questions.	
This tool is very helpful in learning a complex chapter. I will do better on the exam having completed it.	
some answers and questions seem unfair, like the questions it asks about when to use which speaking style because some of the answers are unclear	
ou gata
some of the questions are not clear and sometimes i enter the answer and it still says i am wrong	
I think you guys should change the wording of the questions. Some of them are very confusing because the question given is very misleading to what the problem actually is. I don't really know how else to explain it. Also, this chapter was extremely hard. 	
n interessa, é segredo u, u
cala boca macaco falante
sua mensagem não pode ser enviada, por favor, digite 1 para reenviar.
It would be nice to know if a question is fill in the blank or multiple choice when asked if I know the answer. I am a lot more confident on multiple choice than on fill in the blank.	
It's very fun to work with this type of programs! It is soooo interactive! I love how I can compete with the rest of the class!	
It is ok to me, cause by doing  it I  end up undestand the chapter . Thank you.	
Even if you don't know all of the material yet, this is still a good way to study and learn	
Instead of using common words such as more, less, and/or different you should using text vocabulary for fill in the blank questions.	
I'm not absorbing anything from this
questions are way too vague
This takes way too much time to complete.
Some of the questions are worded in a way that confuses the student.	
its realy a helpful tools.	
fofa
love it.	
I like how it is helping me learn the material!	
vadia
Difficulty of questions is appropriate; if used regularly, is a very helpful tool.	
I find this  to be quite interesting, it's helpful	
At first, I could't figure ot how to use LearnSmart but a friend recently showed me how to, so I am fine now.	
fuc dis shit	
A wider range of possible answers. I have encountered several times where I use a similar word, but I am marked wrong because it not the exact word. 	
I do not learn best with fill in the blanks, but I do like the diversity you have on here.  The fill in the blanks take me longer but are helpful as well.  Thank you	
no more of this
vá se fuder resto de esperma vencido 🤢
Ainda não consigo acertar ...
It may have just been the wording on one of the questions but I am fairly certain I had ansered it correctly but apparently I was wrong. I challenged the question to see if I can get a more detailed description of why I was wrong, so now I am just waitning to hear back on that matter. Other than that I like how the questions make you read thoroughly through the book to obtain the correct answer.	
I really like the program!	
Great web site	
This sucks. I would much rather have homework problems that I could complete sooner and would in my personal opinion be more effective overall.
The questions should be more related to the reading.  A lot of them you cannot find the answers in the book 
mMy abilities using this system are no reflection on the system, but rather a reflection on my comprehension abilities.	
sometime it skips my answer
waste of time. dont learn anything, just memorize answers
I enjoy this.	
i pooped my pants today!	
learnsmart is an excellent tool but can be challenging if only part of the text is read.	
A couple of the questions dont necessarily match the contents of the book.	
Sim
Great review tool	
Learnsmart is a great study tool that I enjoy utilizing.	
Quero ser normal!
This website is full of glitches, for instance I once answered a question incorrectly because the module would not show me the correct answer until I gave the wrong one, and when I tried to comment, it wouldn't let me. Besides that, these questions are just plain silly, they have nothing to do with your speaking ability and the questions are phrased very badly. 
it lets me know what i really know and what i can learn and study about more.	
nobody's perfect.
We are using a more current book than what the questions are taken from for this module. At least 40% of the questions are never even referenced in the book nor are the terms.
que ud que. 
It been fun testing my knowledge of the text	
I hate this. Owl is better
Instagram: coralys30
derp, renomeação de método auxiliar
The classroom is very noisy and so I must read and re-read the material to absorb the important content. I can retain more and work faster at home.	
spelling should not be counted against you. 	
i love this because it enables me to pick up on the important items in the readings! A-	
this is way too long and complex.  I absolutely hate learnsmart
vai me come
these questions are right on target with the text, thank you.  This was not the case in a previous class and I was hesitant about using Connect again but now feel much better about the current experience. 	
this is a nice study tool to help a person memorize key definitions and facts. It is simple but has a productive effect of the mind because it relates closely with the contexts of the book. 	
it is great practice that will be needed to keep the readings fresh in my head.	
I find this more helpful than my book, because i can quiz myself.	
Too many questions for one module	
Otaku de merda, vai ver seu animezinho de meninas fofas
I like this a lot, a lot easier to understand concepts and good overall practice	
it would be very bennidicial for there to be more muliple choice question, some i have no clue in which i get frusterated and just move on instead of trying to learn	
Way too many index cards. The material needs more time to be completed. 
I love chemistry!	
The LearnSmart modules are helpful however, it would help if the Teacher would go over the entire chapter and in more detail. I really do not know the material. I have a hard time understanding the language.  I have to read the entire chapter and try to piece it together along with reviewing the LearnSmart modules. Sometimes when I choose the correct answer it will not register, therefore my answer will be marked incorrect and that is very frustrating. Overall, I would use the Learnsmart as it does help me understand the material.	
I HATE the LearnSmart to study!!!!  It makes things WAY more complicated and counts things wrong if you have he word in the wrong tense...etc....I HATE this.
There's too many questions to the point where it gets frustrating and you cannot focus. 
cool beans	
I love this application! I have a hard time reading and this helps me concentrate on the material! Thank You! The repitition is great!	
I question the program's capacity as an instructional tool.
eu chupo tuas bola vadio
Você quer me ver puta é?! 😠
The questions are either extremely easy or extremely hard.
Claro ... meu bias é o Suga e o seu ?
The questions with multiple screens are very slow loading and often freeze up.	
Acho que consertei um bug ...
vai lavar uma louça e para de falar merda puta que pariu
confusing
Sometimes your pictures for the identify the structures questions do not completely come through so it is not possible to answer the question.	
bonus points!!!?	
I love lolis
don't match up good wiht book	
i love this program, you guys should make one for every class i take 	
Trabalhando em testes (haha)
It would be great if this had a buffet of mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese. 	
WEH
questions are difficult and a bit tricky and the modules are much too long	
your programming is terrible.
I feel LearnSmart has to much focus on minor details instead of major topics.	
I like the switch up between fill in the blank and multiple choice	
Makes studying easier. Way better than just staring into a book and trying to memorize. 	
I like that when you get an answer wrong, the module prompt you with similar questions to make sure you understand. I also like the fact that there is fill in and multiple choice.	
Finally, there seem to be questions in the exercises where the answers aren't implicit in the text. You just have to guess until you get the right answer. This isn't learning in my opinion. 
Some of the wording for the fill in the blanks are a little difficult to understand	
I do this while doing the homework, it is helpful to browse the book and overview it.	
This is the worst thing on the face of the EARTH. SO ANNOYINGGGGGGGG. 
This takes too long >:0
I know it's supposed to help, but I honestly can't tell a difference. Thank you for what you are trying to do however.	
very good program that mixes both multiple choice questions as well as fill in the blank questions and you still must know certain information for the multiple questions which still makes these activities quite challenging but can be a great learning tool for all.	
It makes learning easier, because it's helping me find my weak points.	
MAKE THE LEARN SMARTS SHORTER !!!!
I hate this system!!!! It won't even allow you togauge your progress.  I think I will much rather obtain a lower grade in the class than continue to torture myself with this system.
LearnSmart is a wonderful learning system which has helped me to study and understand accounting topics. It's an easy system that allow students to learn both quickly and correctly.	
I don't learn anything - I end up memorizing the answers to pass the test, and then it's gone.  I also do not feel like the questions are similar to those on the tests.  I see this as a waste of time and know that I would benifit more if I studied like I usually do instead of spending time doing this.
The modules are very productive in learning the material from the corresponding book, however it has by no means supplied the types of questions supplied in the testing procedures.  The wording in the testing process is much different than what is seen in these modules or the corresponding book and other materials.	
blz mas olha esse abacaxi 🍍
dudapalharini, lá do Instagram!
Learnsmart generally does not help me learn material. The questions are often confusings, especially the fill in the blank questions. I spend considerable time studying by reading my book and if I don't get a concept, I'll go to Khan Achedimy. I feel like I am often learning how to work with the system instead of learning my material. The only reason I'm doing this is because I have no idea if this counts for a grade, and I'd rather be on the safe side, rather than ignore ever modual and get a poor grade.
I would give 1 star, but even the site doesn't work properly. The homework questions are so long that they do not fit on the screen, so I am contantly scrolling up and down (now that is a super waste of time), even in the pop up window because you cant change the size of the window to make it large enough to display all info. 
Cool product. Only online based learning suppliment I've ever considered worth the money I was forced to pay for it. 
I think it is much harder to get the correct answer when faced with a short answer question. 	
give these more points
LearnSmart should add questions containing graphs so that students can visualize the questions in a graphical way and will be able to answer any type of question given to them	
vamos troca saliva entao
*galinha do caralho*
I find the fill the blanks (the ones that ask you to write) extreamly difficult because english is not my first language. I do know the answer but not on english. It will be helpfull an english-spanish concepts dictionary.	
I hate this module!!!!  If I miss a question I have to keep going, it should just be a percentage!!!!!  TOO  MUCH TIME!!!!	
I would love some genuine feedback on the questions I have challenged. I would be gratified to supply further proof and argue my case with more facts.Thanks.	
This way of learning is very effective, but it takes a very long time and is too much work considering we have to go to class two and a half hours a week. I have taken many online courses that take less time than this course. 	
this sux!!!
Nunca vou correr e te abandonar
Vai tomo no seu cu
I LOVE LEARNSMART!!!	
I don't like that if you miss a question it affects your score so greatly	
The material learned is not difficult, but it can be difficult to find the exact answers required by some questions. 
Practice problems that are long-form and require critical thinking would be a great addition to break up the short flash card style.	
Need better word choice to help with studying	
I know it's not necessary to just keep using key terms while taking this online assignment but seriously....There are some terms you don't need here that will not be remembered unless you really are paying attention or watching out for it.	
2) why is there so much vocab? is there really any point to me knowing which sub-cellular structure is responsible for energy output? this is fit for life, not biology or anatomy.
The moduals are too long.	
the calculation questions seem unfair since we are trying to teach ourselves up to this point	
Good learning system overall.	
Can we move our names from anonymous to our actual names?	
duda
This was my first time using LearnSmart and it took me a while to understand the proper way to use it. Now that i have experience with it I am happy to say I enjoy beimg questioned on the chapters after reading them.	
It is an awful system for learning
Um viado fdp
There are too many questions that do not pertain to what we are covering. However, I understand that they go hand in hand and that we will not go over every single thing. Also, some questions ask for too much detail and are impossible to match asnwers. Otherwise it helps alot with the test I think.	
this is worse that taking my lower lip, wrapping it around my body then slicing it open using a rusty knife while listening to rap music and being dropped out of a plane while being soffocated due to my lower lip being stched around my body. I hate everyone that created this software, if i find out who you are i will come to your house strap you down and force you to use this god damn thing for the rest of your cruel, miserable, insignificant lives.
ama,tipo muito msm insuportável vcs dois vc vai quebrar a cara quando ele vinher pra cá 
I like the interaction of this program.	
The fill in the blank questions can be hard to read beacuse of the line breaks. I have confused the correct places for words several times just because it's a little visually confusing.	
Some questions should accept various answers. For example, if the answer is denaturation, then Learnsmart should accept break down and uncoil
are these graded ? 
This program helped me to receive a 103 on my last exam; there were 5 points of extra credit and I got them all right!	
sim, principalmente o seu
The question share too little relation to the book. They also very too much. One question said that saying adults deal with more stress isn't always the case (therefore it was a wrong answer), and then another question said that alcoholics get few other nutrients was a right answer. You have to maintain the same level of pickyness for all questions
This product is awful, our teachers treat it like a joke and assign it minimal points so it won't affect our grade and they all say they only have it on their syllabus because you require them to as a part of the college textbook agreement, to put it bluntly  it is crud all  the way around
love the feedback it gives.  some things could use better explanations i.e. the y=a +bX where did the 1450 come from? 	
to much!!!
I need more constructive criticms on the wrong answers I got.	
I am only rating it badly because my class is a two credit class...PE..and SHOULD NOT require doing a Connect. It is ridiculous!
This is incredibly helpful. If you could find a way to have those bastards at Apple make Adobe functional on my IPad, I would forever be indebted to you.	
I am not learning anything with LearnSmart. You should change the name.
i find myself jumping into answer a question without a complete understanding of what is being asked of me.	
first ask a wide scope of questions before it's narrowed down to topics which the student asnwers wrong. Also, add more of the questions on topicsc which the student gets wrong more than half the time	
The questions are very bias in that the questions sentences can have many many correct answers; but you only accept ones that have been seen in the text and won't allow correct/common sense answers. I don't like when common sense is discriminated against.	
stop repeating the same questions after i answer the exact same question 	
this is way to long of an assignment to be doing when you are in highschool!
It's annoying to get the same question after you have already answered it and gotten it right. When you are given so many questions you stop caring because you just want to be done!
sente-se ou o coelho morre!
I like turtles.	
Things need to be explained in more detail, spending 4 hours in not fun.
Wonderful Program, keep up the good work	
This program is great!	
to top
One of the flashcards had asked to list the five leading causes of death, and that answer did not coincide with what was stated in the book	
Love it. It helps a bunch	
I wish that the moduels wouldn't take so long.	
THIS IS MIND NUMBING. I wish that we could simply do every question once and do repeats if we choose. I HATE doing questions again and again and again till I get it right. I would prefer to do that as a choice when I review for the test, not as a requirement to complete my assignment. UGH.
I hate this program, I have my own way of studying and this is preventing me the time to do so, I feel it has hindered me in my ability to preform well on my tests and also limited me to the amount of time I have to read. I am a single mother of 2 children and find it very difficult to juggle all the reading plus studying and doing this on top of everything.
Sometimes the modules that have 30 or 40 new items to learn are way too much and i start to take it in less. But overall, the quick, flashcard idea is awesome because Im very visual.	
Some of the questions bother me because it will have a blank, and the question provokes thought, but the answer is so simple that overanalysis results in failure. For example one of the questions said something like, Governor's aren't allowed to do this, but they can ____ this. The question makes me think, but the answer is actually quite simple; the answer was suggest.
lindo bom dia
I think that making us read an entire text book to answer questions is unfair. I tried to read and skim but it is impossible to answer all the questions right if you don't almost read the text book word for word. Also I think that it should go by exactly what the book says. 
I think reflexive and irregular verbs need to be included in the module. 	
it's helpful - especially being timed on giving answers	
Not knowing how to use LearnSmart accounted for some errors and some added anxiety.  Next time should be easier and hopefully, a better learning experience.	
nanatsu no taizai
You should get partial credit if you get the whole word or phrase right but you forgot an accent.	
With practise i should be a bit more confident submitting my answers	
I just have so much trouble with APHY that it is hard and this is my first semester on BB 9. Still getting use to it.	
great way to study	
the program is great but you need to add something in the learn smart for those visual learner just something i wanted to share 	
This is a fun way to study!	
não falo cornes
fun learning experience.	
The reason that I consider the questions to be slightly difficult is the professor teaches and words things differently whereas the modules hold you accountable for being very thorough with the verbiage which is a great thing.  Great resource.	
njjdxhcdckjdjnjnj
great learning system	
I love this program, but there are a few things that makes studying more difficult. First, some of the diagrams will have three different colors denoting different features (i.e. red, green and yellow) with arrows/numbers pointing to each feature. These arrows/numbers were the same color as one of the features (red) which made it very confusing to differentiate between each feature. Also, the activity where I have to use arrows to move my selections around is rather confusing as well. A few times I knew the right answer, but messed up with the arrows. 	
This is a great tool that I will be using more often, as I see the need, in learning new material which is so abundant with such a small amout of time to learn it.	
Takes too long.	
Fairly difficult meaning the questions are hard but are questions that actually make you think and search through your book.	
be more specific on what you are asking	
I procrastinated on this section and am trying to catch up so learn smart isn't a great tool for me in this case, otherwise I like it.	
Learn smart would be more effective if it didn't tell me the answers, but did tell me a page number to reference to the learning material in the book and maybe after the second time the answer came up I could compare and contrast my then informed answer to what learn smart was expecting. 
Some questions are worded strangely. It makes it difficult to understand exactly what they are looking for. So, I'll know the answer but write something else because I think that's what it wants.	
I like the multiple choice questions better. At my age it is hard to recall a lot of what I read. But I have enjoyed the Learnsmart.The  only thing that I wish was different was that Learnsmart would cross over into blackboard,that would have saved me a lot of time.Did not know it wouldnt cross over til I realized I didnt have a grade by some assignments.I used my ipad for a lot of assignments. Thanks! Wanda G Gann	
It would be helpful to know how far one should be in the text before undertaking the Learnsmart module.  I have no idea which pages will be covered before I start the module.	
I think this is a great tool!	
Tests in Connect often include questions MUCH MORE difficult than anything in Connect LearnSmart, Connect Homework, or Connect Practice Tests.	
hora da janta vira esse rabão ai 😋😋😋
These questions followed none of my course objectives
It is like using flash cards. This is very helpful!	
The wording on here and the wording in the book is different which sometimes causes me to pick the wrong answer.	
it is a good way to learn 	
Some answers seem to change when repeated.  Also, the fill in the blank answers are too limited to the  answere	
manda foto da teta 😎👍🏻
I find the wording in this, and more importantly the automated questions hw to be terrible.
I dont like the way the questions are worded and how if you are a letter or two off it is wrong.
The concept of LearnSmart is a very good one, butit does not follow the material in class as well as i would like.
Sometimes on the multiple choice questions I guess and get it right. Maybe try asking the questions like that twice to make sure they know what they are talking about and not just guessing.	
I am purchasing the book tomorrow so once i catch up i should be fine.	
There have been several multiple choice questions that I had to rate if I knew the answer  or not, when I could not see the possible answers until after I rated it.	
I love Learnsmart. Best online learning method I have ever used.	
helpful website never done it before but I will say that this is a good way to learn 	
some questions seem a little vague, especially fill-in-the-blanks. 	
Good tool! I need to study more.	
I Believe i just need to work on my time	
I challenged one answer because of the broadness of literature versus study of literature.  	
You should make the flash cards larger. They occupy a very small amount of the screen and at times are very hard to read. I can't zoom in on them at all.	
Falha na cópia da massa. ainda tinha um em vez de um
what ever happened to a good ol' pencil and paper and a real book in front of you to study from and learn from? staring at a computer is not a good way to learn. writing things down and using your brain instead of letting the computer be your brain is a valuable way to learn. brain activitity is at an all-time low while watching tv or staring at a screen. no wonder everyone seems to be stupid these days, they have an app for everything, there's no reason one should have to do any thinking of their own
A great tool for relating to what is studied in lectures.  Helps further understanding, if there is an area you are not clear on by providing the correct answer.	
vai se foder emo desgraçado
I really enjoy this program and the way it tells you where you need to focus in the text book. i think it saves time because it so effectively drives your attention.	
If we get a question wrong, you should why it's wrong/why the other answer is right	
Love this website. It has been very helpful!	
store your information on your own computers.  Im paying for this program; you pay me then you can store your data.	
I like it!	
filho da puta
helps me greatly with my tests	
ENCONTROU O CÓDIGO
Time management is hard to learn for the first time when you're 20.	
This takes entirely too long. It becomes a waste of time after a while.
I really wish we would be able to use these questions to study throughout the semester. However, our professor closes the modules before the class- he uses the module as a pre class quiz and we earn points if we answer 20 questions correctly. Having the module closed down after the pre class quiz deadline is a waste of my money for this helpful tool.	
this has more information than what our professor is asking us to learn. otherwise it's fine! 	
i already knew most of the material before i started learn smart. and i didn't even read the book. it was mostly review which was helpful.	
some of the questions asked are not relevant to the subject matter.  Also it would be great if we could go over this learning module over and over again to learn from it, but sadly we can only take it once and no longer look at it anymore.  This is supposed to be a learning tool and so far the only thing I have learned is how to click on a few answers that I can not go back to check on.
too much time spent on learnsmart. 4 hours per chapter is too much	
3. If would be helpful to have some kind of print utility. On the rare occasion i can figure out what I have done right, it is nice to study from those cards.
It really helps me learn the material better. 	
puta vadia escrota machista feia vagabunda arrombada filha da puta burra chata presidiária drogada cheirada
Font is quite small at times and too many similar sounding options! 	
linda do meu coração
some of the answers have multiple names but it will only take one of the names like langerhans cells will not take epidermal dendritic cells which our professor would have us use
I wish the window, which gives me the ebook page and tells me to review, popped up more often	
This LearnSmart system is brilliant.	
While the learn smart modules do help the learning process, it is a combiniation of both the modules, the textbook, and class discussions that form the complete learning experience. A tripod of learning, so to speak. With out all three legs the entire package is unable to be pieced together.	
nao vc é idiotas acreditar que existe isso 
Oi goxtoso?
I wish that the questions on the Learn Smart module were more simular to test questions.	
Much easier to do when you have read the chapter first. I love this program.	
scotty doesn't know!*
I enjoy using this program I find it works very well and look forward to learning using this program	
Not bad.  I am going through this without the help of the text book if that helps in any way.	
The fill in the blank questions are terrible.  They make you hunt for specific words in the book which is a waste of time.  I'd say about half of the fill in the blanks serve no purpose other than to waste time looking for specific words and don't enable learn of concepts.  Many of the fill in the blanks also need to say what they are looking for as it is not always apparent.  For example I got a few wrong because I didnt type what was expected however my answers were 100% correct.  Please fix this because it is extremely annoying.	
Cool tool.	
How do we go back and practice after the assignment has been completed?	
I genuinely think that LearnSmart is a useless tool that forces students to learn the material in a very specfic manner which I have found annoying, ineffective, and mind-numbing. Truthfully, I hate the LearnSmart Method to learning and am only using it because it has been assigned to me and comprises of a non-negligible chunk of my grade.  
cala a boca tio das trevas
The way the program is formatted is horrible
Desculpas lunna
Doesn't really help with the real quiz. It be something different on the exam.	
I just have to many other course homework and I don't have much free time!!!!!!!!!!
A few of the questions were poorly worded. They need to be revised.	
this is a waste of my time... Vocab help is great but Graphs and theories work sucks. Not to mention the teacher isn't as hard on us with the spelling errors. I learn my own way wich is not this way!
Please update questions in response to new version of materials.  Multiple typos.  
Todos nós sabemos que o bullying é uma epidemia. Como a AIDS, o bullying está aumentando e é transmitido principalmente por pênis.
It is easy to use, the repition of ones I missed is helpful. it would also  help to hear the correct pronuciation of more words.	
I like the learn smart I think it's a good way to study and is helpful.	
Sai daqui seu corno!
chato
THere are to many questions for each chapter. And the grading is frusterating on how it doesn't count unless you do them all.
você me magoou, vo me mata
claro voce é uma delicia
I don't like this.
te amo kkkkk
Not enough learnsmart, WAY too much of the other connect assignments. The connect assignments take forever and I don't learn a single thing, if I'm even able to do them at all.	
The pictures are very difficult to understand and the server keeps crashing and losing my progress. since that is happening I am losing grade points in my class.
hints should be available	
The questions are ambiguous and the animations take too much time.
not very useful
Eu sou spartacus
everything was negative because my teacher teaches on half this material but still has us answer these questions.  i think its a waste of time
yeas.
this was boring and it didnt let me finish :(
já disse eu observo ela todos os dias
I'd rather spend the last two hours reading my book agian!!! thanks!! 
Use of more diagrams would be nice, particularly as a lab practical set up	
orbits is the same as path. the absolute correct spelling is quite frustrating. 
love this
Thank you for the free trial :)	
Should have more arithmatic problems.	
Ilha da Macacada poorra!! #RXILHA
mano ce tem maconha?
More multiple choice to prepare for exams.	
TODO O TIPO DE COISAS
Para aqueles que deixo para trás, boa sorte!
The questions bounce between absurdly easy and repeated multiple times in a row, to insanely dificult and not covered in the source material.  Also, with most of several sections thus far being primarily vocabulary and definition lookup, there is no practical application for this.  There are way too few proof of concept questions and way too many busy work questions.  all in all, I would much rather work the questions in the book and have the teacher grade them or do a discussion type setting.
mi sto facendo le seghe sui porno gay
Way too time consuming.
Você não vai querer uma resposta para isso.
Some of the questions don't follow that format that is explained in the book. It is very frustrating.
Application questions would be of more qualitative value rather than learning based on memorizing terms and definitions.	
It's annoying that some questions I would get right but the spelling messes me up 	
Definitly a great way to study, wish I had it for all of my classes.  Makes studying alot easier and efficient.	
im really enjoying this module	
1 mais posso conseguir o seu 
This is ridiculous.
i hate getting half of a question right and then not getting anything out of it.
s
cala boca, carvão humano
This is way too many questions for one chapter. It was getting old an hour ago. Quit asking me the same question fifty different ways. Ask it one way until I get it right and move on. This module is ridiculous.	
bolsonaro, lula é um molusco ladrao
stop asking if we know the answer each question it doubles the time we have to spend.	
pula de galho em galho  gosta de banana pra caramba 😳
I really get alot out of learn smart, it has proven to be most beneficial to my learning.	
marido da jo
Less questions
Great study tool!	
More relvalent to what we are learing in class, instead of mc questions
SOOOO much better than studying from a textbook. Although I still use the text book for my readings, this helps makesure i'm focusing on the right topics.	
survey wont go away. disrupting my learning
This particular module on the digestive sytem was fairly easy but the majority of the others I have used were really difficult and sometimes frustrating. 	
I like this method. is dynamic.	
Having to press wether or not you know the answer to question gets really annoying.	
Um verdadeiro idiota, não vota nessa bosta
I hate flash cards. Why I can't I see the options before I rate my probablily of correct answer?
good study technique	
Instead of actually reading the book, I'm going through the book and looking at sections only when I encounter a question on them. This is, somehow, helping me learn the material, but it takes way too long to flip through the eBook and I wish there was a method or order on how we learn the material, instead of the questions being allover the place so I don't have to flip back and forth. Or it tells you what page the material can be found on 	Instead of actually reading the book, I'm going through the book and looking at sections only when I encounter a question on them. This is, somehow, helping me learn the material, but it takes way too long to flip through the eBook and I wish there was a method or order on how we learn the material, instead of the questions being allover the place so I don't have to flip back and forth. Or it tells you what page the material can be found on
2 mizeravi
Some questions that are fill in the blank can have several definitions for what they are asking. in other words, be more specific	
stop telling me to take study breaks. if i want to stop i will	
This takes a huge amount of time from  time that I wish to spend studying for chemistry. I learn nothing while doing this.
I like how it gives you an exact page to study, based on where you're struggling.	
Fill in the blank questions are too vague.  Multiple choice are better.	
i hate this. please shoot me
So much better than Pearson.	
I don't like how many of these questions have many answers and/or multiple answers.
Overall I quite enjoy the entire experience, I encountered a question earlier with a mistake something along the lines of What must a participant must a be informed about.   I tried to look for a button to report the question for review but could not find one.	
Very fun!  Really like having the app on my smartphone.	
It seems that some of the questions are dumbed down for the novice. I think that is a disservice to the honest academic who does plan to further their education in the material, but who have learned some things from this material which are inconsistant with reality.
Claro q e ela fede bosta merece apanhar essa puta fedida que da o rabo na equina
As I'm reading the material I take notes to revise them as I make progress reading each chapter. The biggest benefit from learnsmart is that besides helping you make the chapters more memorable, it identifies areas in need of improvement and directs you to the part of the book you should go back and read. In other words it is an opportunity to clearly identify strenghts and areas in need of improvement. I personally love it because I'll have higher chances of getting better scores on exams. In my opinion even on courses that are not online having a program like learn smart will be very beneficial to students. 	
It helps me if I look back to make sure I choose the best possible answer	
canela é mais ziiikaa
LearnSmart makes it fun to do these problems.  You tend to get competitive against others in the class to increase your rank in the standings.	
I actually love learn smart! It truly helps a lot! Gives ou confidence on the things you though you knew & did know as well as helps you get what you don't know	
There are a lot of misspelled words and graphs labeled incorrectly. 	
This is a nice tool but I will use this more as a pre quiz or a review guide. 	
Some questions don't provide enough description for type-in answer questions.	
i think this program helps a lot especially becaus eit can show you where your at as far as studying and which topics you need help on 	
There needs to be a practice mode for study purposes, wherein you can compile the sections you are going to be tested on, and use the same format as the assignment to study.	
Pretty fun learning tool!	
FUCK THIS BULLSHIT WEBSITE! It says your wrong when you know your answer is correct. How the fuck can a yes or no answer be wrong when you attempt both yes and no? Its fucking impossible and there is no maybe option. Also, I spent a shit ton of time doing the 50 question exercise only to have it not show up as completed when I finished and it started the fuck over. Honestly, bullshit. Fuck your website and the people that design it, I HATE YOU ALL.
You guys suck.
FlashCorno é lindo demais
Bora, to louco pra dar! sou gay 
I am old school, In other words I like books not nooks or kindle fires, I still buy the news paper not read everything on line and I still write letters. It is taking some getting use to to do reading and assignments on line, Im actually printing out the pages so I can highlight and take notes and add my own notes in the margins. I tend to remember things better that way. This is a good resource  and should be used as a tool as a back up to real research, but if this is an indication of where our education process is going I feel sorry for my son.	
hoje o dia ta entediante, sem diversão
você acha mesmo q eu sou um robô?
I like Learn Smart, because it does challenge me to think about the questions and answers. I get to spend a reasonable amount on an assignment, whatever time it takes me and I can take my time in responding to the questions. 	
I dont find I use the guess or know it buttons often, but I do use the others... there are alot of questions for assignments, but i like that i have the option to continue.. it helps me study. 	
It takes far to long to complete each assignment. the estimated time to complete is about half of what it actually will take	
A lot of the questions asked are not covered in the texted!
missing more then one letter in spelling a word makes the answer wrong. also using the word huge for an answer when they wanted big
this is flippin rediculose! no high school concurent enrollment student should have to go through this,  this is wayyy to much for them to be doing!
sometimes there is mismatching data in the book and questions that can be misleading for which data learnsmart is asking for. ex: one time book will say 35-40 weeks and another time it will say average 38 weeks
need to follow book note more. Many of the questions are hard to find in the book because they are worded very different than what the book has.	
Honestly I feel that this somewhat detracts from giving my speech because there are so many questions in this section (over 30). 10-15 per chapter should suffice. Any more and I feel I am spending way too much time per chapter. And my teacher REQUIRES completeion of all assigned chapters, else we are ineligible to give our speech. I feel reading over the chapter, taking essential notes in class, and working on the actual speech is where the real learning is done. This module should just be a short reinforcement.
Que saco
sexo
I can see myself using this program a lot.	
I enjoy using this module it has been quiet helpful.	
LearnSmart is a waste of my time. 
Sempre bem, e vc .. Como esta ?
Needs more Ponies	
The homework needs to be geared more toward what we will actually be tested on rather than just random questions from the book.
nunca tente e nunca falhe
need the questions to keep to the  book and whats in the chapter 	
I'm surprised by how... in depth.... the questions are regarding the chemical make-up of things.  It is frustrating.	
For example: 
Wish there was an Are you sure? option. There were a couple questions on the test where I knew the answer but accidentally clicked the wrong choice. That's totally my fault, but it would be nice to have a failsafe for occasions like that.	
I like LearnSmart but it doesnt help me on the History tests that my professor gives us in class. But its helpful just for future references. I also think there should be less fill in the blank and mostly multiple choice questions.	
só se for agora , na onde ?
o Ace e o Sabo mas tambem gosto muito do Law
I feel that learn smart would be a very effective tool if the subject matter was something that I was more confident in.  Economics is not my favorite!	
It's good
please get rid of all fill in blank questions!	
love this method of studying. after I miss a question, i learn to recognize and remember the answers and questions!	
Many of the questions' answers seem very subjective.  I just answered a question that went along the lines of if you were presenting a speech on car safety, you should NOT make a joke about... and I answered obese drives when apparently the correct answer was matchbox car accidents  Well excuse me for trying to be my own judge of what I think is funny.	
use the whole screen. i can NOT use the module on my laptop or tablet becouse the words are to small for small screen devices.  a iphone app would be cool too.
I would never recommend that anyone use the LearnSmart assignments as a method of instruction or learning.
I think this is a waste of time.  It has nothing to do with what are on tests. Spend way too much time on this, especially with having other classes and work and kids.  There are way too many questions for only getting 5 points for doing hours of work.  
Questions are quite repetative, so it's possible to memorize answers instead of actually understanding why the answer is what it is.	
I find this module to be demeaning and patronizing.  I spend the majority of the time frusterated, and I don't find it helpful.  Please stop treating me like an idiot.
I AM FORCED TO USE THIS FOR MY CLASS !!!!! IT TAKES UP WAY TO MUCH TIME IN MY DAY AND MY TEACHER DOESNT USE ANY OF THIS SHIT!!! THANKS FOR TAKING MY MONEY!!!  BTW YOUR PHONE APP BLOWS!!!!!!!
I wish that every time i got a question wrong it would show me where it is in the book so i can look it up and teach myself. I found it only did that once for me	
I find it helpful when it gives me the page number to learn more about a problem when I get it wrong.	
the software really does work better than traditional online programs for retaining information.
This was very interesting way of learning.	
This is not the language used in my classroom, and given that this is a course geared toward the practical application rather than the theoretical, the language is heavily drawn in theory.
learn smart helps to distiguish special expressions and make me aware of what I otherwise might pass over.Also the more a get familier with  a new expressions and mean to learn better and faster.	
I would like to see all the correct questions/answers on one page when I am finished. To help me study.	
I should take more time reading the questions and not assume what it will say. I also need to re read things better and half the time i knew the answer and pressed the wrong answer	
great service	
Não quero isso
Good way of learning. Way better than pearson learing with their mylab software	
I do not have comments now but I just want to say thank you.	
Some of the questions asked were never covered in the readings.	
great way to do homework and review for any exams, quizzes, or tests.	
i HATE online learning
very hard to grasp
I really enjoyed studying this way.	
three week trial is extremely helpful	
This module has a lot of errors in it, and it started with the more obscure or difficult questions, and then covered all of the beginner or easier material. It would have been much better if the same definition had the same answer every time, and if it started with the base material.
*scotty doesn't know!
eu to grávida
The question aren't specific enough, some a very vauge with many possible correct answers. Particularly the fill in the blank questions.
I need to work on a few things.	
Why so many questions about cholione when there is not sufficient information regarding the substance?
Sometimes I feel like the questions are worded so that there are many correct fill-in-the-blank answers, and because of that, I get them wrong even when I do in fact know the concept the question is trying to test me on. Some of the questions are too vague and need to be reworded so that students have the chance to be successful if they know the content.	
Some questions have typos or are worded poorly.	
some questions are worded differently but expect the same answer and it confuses me and i end up working twice as long as i should	
Thanks to Learnsmart, I'm feeling confident now that the final exam is right away. I do wish the modules weren't that long..perhaps up to seventy five items and that more have explanations but still, i'm content with it!	
eu vi, tá agora em Orlando
This program is more helpful than I thought it would be and I am very grateful.	
Love this software!	
Testando o teste
I feel the learn smart module is a complete waste of time for students and should not implemented in its use towards any students.
tem grlll.
These modules are not preparing me for homework, quizzes and exams. More than half of the questions are geared toward teaching vocabulary and general theory, while providing next-to-no practice with actual chemistry problems. Even then, the modules offer little ways for us to learn the material if we are struggling to understand the book's interpretations. I spend too many hours of my week working on this without feeling like I have actually learned something when I begin working on Homework problems or find myself staring at a test.
I do like how it repeats the questions I have missed.	
Missed the first question because I did not realize it wanted more than one answer.
Meu nome é Sarah McLachlan e fui famosa por dois meses.
I still prefer a hard copy.	
Ola...
i'm verey fortunate to have learn smart	
I like the interaction with web based programs, as study and development tools.	
i like the module exercise	
i do not like the fact that my instructor makes us do the following chapters learnsmart right after finishing the previous chapters homework and quizzer it makes me confused and i tend to lose track of what i have learned from the previous chapter.	
Eu ajoelho e vc reza
I wish we had spell check	
I read and take notes on every part of the webnotes and these questions are still impossible and do not help me understand the conepts better.
I'm not fond of this program 
im learning spanish	
These questions are harder than my homework and they take way too long to solve! Not enjoyable!
THIS PROGRAM SUCKS
oh, jesus cristo.
vai se ferrar antes que eu bata na cachorra da sua tia...
I think this learnsmart program is very helpful. im sorry i wasnt performing at the level i should have been though. i was doing chores at the same time ahaha. sorry sir	
DAS GEHT ABER NICHT
Eu tbm
And the pick the few best options thing is CRAZY. I will get 2 out of 3 or guess one extra or something so much, and then I have to go through the whole question again. Really, what needs to be fixed is that every single question must be correctly answered to have completed the assignment.
just to state before how we feel on this question if it is going to be a multiple choice question or not	
overall a very helpful tool	
Nice! I love it! It is really helpful!	
Supremo Augusto Neto
sério vc é muito legal desculpa se sou um idiota :( 
Overall: Very Unhappy. 
I am assuming that I have read the text book and have some familiarity with the topics presented.  That said I believe the the program and the presentation of the questions is in time with each other.	
These flashcards are a great study resource!	
Por obras, eu quis dizer 'não funciona'. Funciona agora ..
my computer adds letters on its own.  therefore i had spelling errors contributing to wrong answers.	
There are too many ambiguous answers. For example equivalent and equilibrium
When I was in highschool if we didn't do well on standardized testing we were placed in remediation. Today my professors say we were not prepared from college however we are doing learn smart which seems completely pointless to me, and looks a lot like the extra work we were assigned in highschool. I learn nothing from doing these flash cards its just a waste of my time that I could be spending studying the material that pertains my outline and not the whole chapter. 
when i need help with a section, it would be helpfull to be able to be redirected to that section to review	
too many questions. this is ridiculous	
These questions need to be more specific!!
There are some differences between the book and LearnSmart. Such as in the book, Goodbye can be hasta luego, but in the book, that is wrong and the answer can be chao.	
Some question are right but the site marks it wrong.
When we get a question wrong, provide that little box explaining why it's wrong more often, and maybe tell us which section in the book has that information.	
Some questions are a bit confusing and could have a few different answers. hard to determine what the question specifically wants	
a culiar
It never tells me why I am wrong in the homework so its really hard to fix all my mistakes.
I hope my exam is based somewhat off these LearnSmart questions & the chapter notes 	
bendito seja deus, um macaco falante!!!!😳
A lot of the stuff on here though is not in our notes and we do not cover it in class.	
they helped learn the matrial better 	
I would recommend sticking to language found in the text and not putting up various different types of synonyms.  It's confusing.	
This is a waste of time.  It does not resemble our tests and only loosely follows the lecture notes.  
Posso ser gordo, mas não sou Honey Boo Boo!
This is trite due to the answer being wrong if I only have one choice off and I have to wait forever to answer it again. This is one of the biggest wastes of my time I have ever been through.
i had to look in the book a few times, but for the most part i remembered what i learned in class. I could see where some students might find this difficult..but my teacher has prepared me well	
you shouldnt have to constantly repeat the questions if you got them wrong, NO ONE has that much time on their hands.
Morte aos humanos 👍
Conserta
itu salah nulis harusnya pinter
I hate this activity, its so boring!
STOP WITH THE FILL-IN-THE-BLANK QUESTIONS!	
o homem nasce bom, mas minha pica o corrompe 😳
socorro, estou sendo refem do luc...kshpaoqnabaidywmqo error
Some of the questions are very random, but my main complaint is that there have been some grammatical errors that would change the meaning of the question. Lame. 	
I really enjoyed doing the assignment like this. I thought  it was a good way for me to learn the information, and it helped me feel prepared for the class. 	
é sexta feira
I'm enjoying this	
Mais uma vez, mas com sentimento.
Wording can be an issue in answer choices	
rejeite a sua humanidade, retorne ao macaco imediatamente
this is a great way to study the material. even though the questions are somewhat difficult, the material on here does help you prepare for the exams	
2. Consider not providing correct answers at the first incorrect response. Either show the correct answer after the 3rd incorrect answer, or consider not displaying it at all.  
Takes way too long. 
I opened up the module before reading the chapter and that's why I didn't do so well.  I enjoyed the practice.  I am ready to work with it and do better.	
This is a nice product.  It's been helpful in prepairing myself for class.	
Most of the time the questions are very fair and understandable, but there have been a few occasions where the questions were sort of misleading. Other than that I like learnsmart.	
no ima teach u a lesson
I like this information. It helps me alot.	
I now that learnsmart can help in studying, I guess I have been reading the book and not studying what I learned, because I knew the answers, I was just scared to answer the wording was sometimes a little tricky to me. I do think this is a good product. Thanks	
TODO: Substitua o código do marcador
this is a great tool for it is helping me put toegther terms that trip me up from the lectures and book. and its also helping me polish up on the things I didn't know 100%	
If the answer has some spelling error, there should be suggession from that the student can choose the intended correctly spelled answer. Since this English paper, it is not fair to get as the wrong marking for a mere wrong spelling without a chance to amend that spelling. As long as the student understand what the right answer is, then please give us a chance to get the deserved csore. Relex on spelling.	
I love using LearnSmart, I actually think it will help me more on my test and learning it, then just reading the material and taking notes :)	
waste of time.
Mulambo me diz como se sente
LearnSmart provides a different approach to further solidifying the content learned through the book and introduced in class by presenting concise and direct problems minimizing the frustration that comes with practicing chemistry online.	
thanks to this method i am getting a better understanding of accounting and so far i liked it	
i wasnt trying to look any of it up im just seeing what i know with no studying	
I really like connect but I just feel like there are WAAY too many questions. It is taking me forever to complete all of what's required. I like the questions but maybe they could be cut down to what we really need to know.	
eu tinha 5 anos, sdds pai
lucas fica pensando em suicidio quando mandam foto ou sticker dele
With the required answers being SO specific in nature, personal interpretation can reflect negatively.	
Foram 10, talvez 15 minutos de puro inferno.
I Think its helpful but it takes to long... 	
After some getting used to...I enjoy this LearnSmart very much!	
voce tem aids vai se tratar
In questions using the word NOT it should be more emphasized. i.e. underlined or a different color. 	
This section is very difficult.	
im too drunk to be doing this
Some of the mix and match questions are now showing up. The questions are blank with anwsers to match them too.	
I think this is a great program and I now know on the areas that I can improve on personally before I start with the module material.	
K?
I did not appreciate the answer about how hard it is to find a latino worker with a high skill set. This offends as a white male with many skilled latino friends. 	
The wording of some questions is unnecessarily confusing!	
First time user and I like it so far. 	
You should make it clear whether the question wants height or age descriptions	
Once i get the book and have time to read the chapter, the stuff i'm learning now will become more clear.	
i need to use it more so i may do well	
Someof the questions are confusing the way they are worded.  	
I thought that i would know some items, but I was totally wrong, and it made me upset when I knew that I was wrong. But I did like the feed back	
eres or es, cant say i know the difference or how to use them 
some of the flashcards the print is very small and at times makes it hard to read. 	
stop asking me if i know the answer or not.	
I would like the questions to be more geared towards the exams.  Before the exam I felt I had learned quite a bit but after taking the exam I felt like it didn't cover the material we learned in learnsmart or maybe just the wording was different.  All and all I find this interesting enough to keep studying.	
I think the only reason I am getting the fill in the blanks right are because I get them wrong so many times. The multiple choice is more helpful. 
Some of the questions when it comes to ordering aren't very clear...	
LOVE IT :)	
there were a few questions that I answered correctly but put an extra word for example carbon skeleton formation instead of just carbon Skeleton.	
To much questions required.
Nunca vou dar, nunca vou dar
0centímetros
There are many spelling errors in the questions and the way the question has been presented which makes it difficult to understand what it is truly asking.  For a college level training manual, the typos should be non-existing or few. 	
may there could be lest fill in the blanks questions
fun, effective	
There is a 5-yr $10,000 loan with a 15-yr amortization period... Setting up this problem is confusing. Why include the 5-yr information if it unnecessary?	
helium,nitrogen,tantalum,iodine!!
I feel this helped bring out key questions and I learn more doing an activity like this then the ones on my own!	
Sometimes I answer a question based on what I learned, and it is not always the exact word from the book, although I believe the answer is correct, it is not the word learnsmart is looking for. Learning is not all memorization, nor should I feel the need to look up every answer I give in the exact word context. 	
Learnsmart has helped me a lot in this course	
thank you
Oh my. This is alot harder than I remember. I have trouble remembering soooo much information.	
This program is a really good help, and definately has helped me learn some things.. just by repeatition! :)	
Conseguiu me arrancar um sorrisinho :)
I don't feel like that are that helpful because instead of learning the material I am just looking at the right answers and rembering them; I don't feel like they are helping.
YOU SHOULD NOT INTERUPT A TIMED MODULE TO ASK A FREAKING SURVEY!!!!!
i enjoyed the experience, but would like to see deadlines posted.	
The difficultly from chapter 1 to chapter 2 jumped dramatically.	
it is pretty good, just need to spend some more time reviewing previous work	
o Deus criador 
não tenha medo
at first i didn't like the process because the amount of time it was taking me to get threw the questions, and if i got something wrong it didn't let me continue it just kept adding more questions to my pile. but after going threw this first assignment i feel more knowledgeable about the material and all the things that i didn't like at first were the things that helped me learn the material the most. I love this idea, it makes everyone study; this way no one is slacking off and when they finish the course they will have for sure learned something about the subject. 	
I'm finding it a bit hard to remember all the terms and definitions... I'll just have to come up with some devices to figure it all out...	
oh, desculpa eu.
my average time to complete this assignment is 3.5hours	
Rushed a bit. Wish for more time. Very busy week.	
I really enjoy using LearnSmart. I think it is a great way to encourage students to read the material. 	
Some of the questions where I have to rank the steps in order have about 2-3 options that can be interchanged.  Like in one question of how it asks what steps are there in applying a female condom.  The squeezing the female condom, applying the spermicide and squatting down can really be done in any order as they are all done while outside of the body.  Nothing is happening that is quite necessary for the other step to happen.	
God is really good.	
make more questions that are muti choice	
not clearly showing that it switches from pick the one right anwer to pick the right answers	
Some of the items in the module aren't covered in class. Most stuff is, just some isn't or it has a different term than what I learned.	
fiz essa letra pra te incentivar mas se você mudar vai fazer falta
I really enjoy LearnSmart.	
if a person gets a question wrong you should list what page or section of the chapter they can find it	
I plan on reading the chapter before doing the module next time.	
I am concerned that these questions are poorly aligned with the multiple choice questions on the Honorâ€™s exam. 	
worst application to learn material
Some of the questions don't seem to correlate too well with my textbook.  I find myself a lot of times, Googling the terms in the questions to get an idea of the answer.  But overall I really like LearnSmart and I've been trying to keep up with refreshing the past sections everyday.	
Y'all think I'm struggling when I'm on top of my GAME.	
I believe I could have done better in learn smart, I lost time studying. No excuses, been in the hospital since I started, and just had a death in my family. I want give up on my goal.	
program freezes too much	
This by far is the best chapter so far!	
You should organize better some of your questions. I love the small easy questions !  :) 	
Online homework is stupid, I pay three thousands dollars a semester to be taught by a person, not a computer.
comi o cu daquele que usou minha querida casada 😀😀
Get rid of fill in the blank. 	
Lisboa
Need s more defintions 	
These questions are terribly worded and most of them are answered by hidden subtext within the chapters... It's so stressful to do these, prior to completion I have great remorse to finish them.
I have spent way to much time (two hours) and seems that I don't understand the material.
learn smart is mostly okay if you really have no idea about the content, the problem is that the learnsmart homework takes up a lot of time and as a full time student who also works full time if i know the material anyway i would prefer to write it out since it is quicker. Also, learn smart sometimes makes it too easy because of clues that can be used to figure out an answer you did not really know	
the book is terrible at explaining the steps to solve each question	
There are some questions for chapter 5 that are not in the book. Some answers typed in are synonymous but if you don't type it in word for word the way the program wants it you can lose points and time. The qualitiy of the questions seems a little redundant. Same questions being asked muitiple times, although I like the increase effect on my grade I would prefer to have 15 hard good quality questions rather than 150+ repeatative questions. The repetition makes me lose interest in the subject matter.
I advise having more movie quizes and videos because i learned the most by watching and hearing the person speak about geology as if it was a virtual teacher and i retain the material better that way by movies	
ele e um gay viado que gosta de pomba De negão nunca deveria fazer uma coisa dessas com uma princesa igual a vc ele vai Se arrepender e vai volta Atras sua linda 
This program sucks!!!!!!!! it did not help me learn the material at all
I wish it followed the actual book that i am currently using and coincided with it a bit better.	
I thought I knew the material but the LearnSmart is good at picking out the subtleties that I didn't catch from the reading alone. 	
Não,mas eu adoraria vê-lá.Muita gente fala sobre essa e eu só sei que é branca e brilha 
NO RANKINGS! it makes me depressed knowing that I'm only a normal, nonspecial, not as smart as everyone else person.	
they are too long and time consuming	
Good review after the written assignments.	
This product is extremely useful in learning/reviewing the material. Only suggestion would be to adjust the numerical values in some questions when they are asked multiple times.	
I was initially very dissappointed to be using a first edition text that I couldn't pick up used, but now I am SO GLAD this is the text selected for this class.  LearnSmart keeps me on track, gets me to read more of the text than I would if  I were not doing assignments like these, and really helps to highlight the most important concepts.  Although there are questions that I don't particularly like now and then, overall I feel like this is an invaluable learning tool and I am fortunate to be able to take advantage of it.	
it makes no sense
I hated how to move one you had to get the answer right, im trying hard and these question are not what we learn in class or go over the test 
great way to study and learn the material.	
a few answers were still correct just misspelled, but it was still obvious what the answer was. I still got them wrong	
horrible program. tedious. 
The questions aren't difficult, the content just doesn't make sense.
One  suggestion: please replace the YES! button after answering a question with the 'rating stars.' I never use the rating system because it is tedious; an extra click when you review 100 cards is 100 extra clicks too many. 
i hate the fact that you can't skip them and leave the hard ones for last. I read the book religiously and i fell like I don't understand it at all.
This is a great tool for college	
I love this program and I think it really helps me to study the book and learn the material.	
Some of the questions seem a bit open ended at times and makes me feel as if I need to memorize the text rather than the pertinent information.	
It does not fit well with the teachers lectures, so it seems like busy work, I would rather study the teachers lectures and answer questions from him, also he does not take off for spelling.
TE  CU
I wish there was an option to go back over the questions I've already answered correctly.	
[nenhuma mensagem]
I hate this so much.
It should still give you the answer as correct if your close to the spelling	
learn smart is stupid and predictabe. I only complete it becasue I am required to. 
ok izadora vc esta serta
Wording on questions is sometiomes confusing.	
my professor makes us do these questions BEFORE we start learning the chapter which doesnt allow me to have any fimilarity to the questions when im trying to race and do the homework. This hmwk becomes a guessing game and I finish the packet learning nothing new
Great tool! Really helps me to understand the material. Keep up the good work!	
there are times when I give the entire answer and the  question is marked wrong. there  are times when I give just the one word and the question is marke wrong. I don't understand, which one do you want? please make up your mind!!!!!!!	
I think that there has been a lot of glitches in the program that has inhibited me from being able to work on certian chapters in order to prepare for my test, and that was kind of aggrivating that it took so long to get the problem fixed.	
UMA SEQSYY, SUPER MEIGA E LEGAL. AMO MUITO AQUELA DOIDA.
hitler é meu ídolo
I like LearnSmart. I spend way too much time with it because it is a great way to reinforce the material. I have just one suggestion to improve LearnSmart and that is I wish after doing the homework I could reset the questions so that I could go back and redo them for the practice without having to manually remove every answer. 
This card-based method of learning always helps.  I like how the system shuffles cards that you almost get right back into the deck, and how the same term often comes up twice simultaneously to assist in remembering it.	
This has taken me 5-6 hours to do.  This is no the way I study.  My time for studying has been tremendously diminished because of this ridiculous long quiz we have to do.
i wish there was a way for instructors to assure that ALL questions in these modules apply ONLY to the sections we're learning. the uneeded material takes up to much time and confuses the issue of what to study. 	
You need to fix this. I know this is new but man it shows. Stop promting me to stop and read your book that I dont have. I know the teacher's vershion is unintuitive. He is alwase setting the due dates wrong or doing something else silly. MyMathLab is much better at what it is trying to do. You are not competitive. This is some of the worst design I have ever seen for a websight. Why do your questions only take half of the avalible space? Even at the expense of halving to scroll over graphs to read them. then the graph covers the question. that silly input box pops up every time you try to write your ancers eaven if it's not needed. You most likely dont read this but if you do want more indeapth analisis just ask. i would be happy to bi*ch about the gangly way you have constructed this sight. sorry for any spelling mistakes. (spell check, have it you do not.) thank you if you have read this far. may the mass times acceleration be with you. -Rebekkah W
I didn't see the click more than one answer at the begining to which why I was taking longer because it didn't make sense when I thought more than one answer was right	
otima noite
LearnSmart helps me know the basic material that I need to know for a certian chapter. That really helps me in being successful.	
solução alternativa para a formiga ser uma pilha de falhas
o putinha cala boca
TATAKAE!
Helps me retian things even when i get them wrong.	
I think this is a great way to study and learn the material!	
It doesn't give you a chance to confirm a multiple choice answer before it counts the score, so if you accidentally clicked on one alternative you didn't mean to, you are screwed.
Takes too long to finish the learnsmart exercises and honestly they play a minor role in helping me prepare for an exam. Last exam I received an A and I didn't used learnsmart since its a waste of my time (opportunity cost).	
BIA VOLTA A FALAR COM A DINE PVF ELA TE AMA 
this is pointless
sim ele é ridículo e retardado
The match up questions never come out right.  I know I have them lined up correctly, and then for whatever reason it still shows that I got the answer wrong.  	
Culpando o regex.
Caso, eu te amo querida! Pq vc nao escolhe o local?
This module would benefit from having diagrams and pictures that represent the communication chain in various pieces.  
claro que podemos fazer isso amor
I believe that learn smart is an ok tool for studying but i mainly do it just because it is required of me. Overall i dont think that you all really look at these comments to help bettter yourself but i could be wrong, there is just no proof that you all are using these comments. Also for some reason it wants access to my computer to store something on it. Not sure what it is but im pretty sure its a virus. MIGHT WANT TO GET THAT CHECKED OUT OR MAKE IT STOP ASKING ME.	
Awful Program
The questions where the answers are pretty much the same except for a word or two are very difficult and feel more like trick questions.  If the small differences between answers were highlighted or put in bold, it would be a lot more benificial because it is easier to identify what the question is wanting you to look at.	
The homework goes in a lot more depth than what we have to know for exams for lecture. I know this isn't in control but just to have material go hand in hand with what we need to concentrate on would be a lot more beneficial	
not a big fan of fill in the blank	
I do not like fill in the blank questions!!! cause sometimes you spell something wrong by mistake	
seila, tenho cara de google?
Adding a empty check box next to the choices on the 'check all that apply' question would make a nice visual clue.
Please redesign the matching-type questions! 	
Crappy software only being used because my class requires it for a grade.
i hate learn smart, it takes up way to much time; but i cant deny that it works and is very effective. i dont remember much from lecture but these questions on here pound it into my head.	
not ok. 
IT IS TOOO LONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
I don't find this site user friendly.  This has been an unhelpful learning tool
It is a good tool to learn in an efficient way	
I am enjoying learning this way. It's good to be held accountable	
LearnSmart has helped me learn some things I didn't know and refreshed my mind on soomethings I did know.  I hope that I am able to come back to the same module and see the questions to help me continue my studies.	
LearnSmart is flexible in the sense that it allows you to test yourself so to speak, and study if you prefer trial and error over reading blocks of text.	
If I incorrectly spell a word but the computer knows what word I ment to spell, I feel like I should not be penalized for it and forced to answer the question again.	
But other than that i actually learn more than having a teacher in front of me:)
Too many questions!!!!!!	
many of the quiestions you have on the module dont really help with the exams in class. 	
tudo biba
I think our professor used the wrong questions for this portion. 	
Sometimes I think that the questions are badly frmulate and not very distinct. 	
very poorly worded. 
I wish there was a way to print out the study guides. This may already be available, but I am not aware of it. 	
:)
i absolutly love it playing a game
oh...hi monkey :-)
I prefer this style homework to the connect site	
brabo apenas 😎🏻😎
You're crazy for this one, Jay. It's your boy. H.O.V.A. YUUUUP.	
The module does not match up with the assigned chapters. The answers are not found in the book.
WAY TO MANY QUESTIONS	
I truly wish it would ask me more questions over and over again specially the ones I got wrong and even sometimes the ones i got right.. Muscle memory type of a thing.. I really am impreesed with connect in general I probably wouldnt have gotten through thes classes with out continue growing..	
avoid lenghty questions, they are tedious and annoying. let alone hard to read. 	
I hate fill in the blank:(	
reading the chapters first helps!!!	
Too many questions. 	
some of the questions seem to be worded tricky and it's irritating to see when the answer is incorrect
i'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.
its not exactly what is on the course exams	
tua mamma cul culo sfondato
The Learn Smart program really does help me to prepare better for the chapter assignments and tests. The reading can sometimes lose me, and this helps to re-inforce the knowledge. 	
I love LearnSmart! :)	
I think LearnSmart does a good job of reinforcing what is learned.	
I'm concerned about studying for the final and not having enough learnsmart questions left to adequeately study.  Though I think that there are quizes that I can do to help.	
I am confident that LearnSmart will help me pass my class	
This has been a great way to review course material	
This module seems to have more rote learning questions, while the actual test questions tend to be more practical, using examples of real-life situations. I think the questions in this module will serve me better if it they are stated  in practical terms along with some of the rote learning questions.	
i click on the wrong answers every now and then due to my laptop mouse when i hover over them so i get some quwestions wrong.	
there is no leway on answers for spelling	
synonyms are wrong? wordy questions, mandated way of studying aimed to help some while others may not like or need it.
This doesn't reflect what we learned in class and lots of these questions have subjecrtive answers
Would like to be able to go back to the questions and answers I gave for review.	
To uptight about spelling.	
hate anime
The combined time reading the textbook and then doing the module is too much time. 	
Your workbooks are far too particular. You have to be waaaay to exact. There are too many blanks for each number. Each blank should be its own numbered problem. If you are going to be so exact with spelling and arrangement on the fill in the blanks, you should not have them. They are not customer friendly at all. They are distracting and counter productive and only frustrate all of your students. Students would rather take the ding, than do the module. That is failing in my opinion.  Make it all multiple choice or true false, because fill in the blank with little to know instruction just isn't cutting it...  Luckily our class only puts a 5% value on the workbook. All of the students chose to scrap it and take the ding for points rather than to do the overly difficult and precise workbook. 
It's not that the questions are that difficult, it's that sometimes there could be more than one correct answer.	
This was very helpful and fun. :)	
fewer questions about specific fact and fiqures and more questions that deal with definitions and gist of the subjects.  More multiple choice and less fill in the blank to ease the tip of the tongue problems for older learners.	
waste of time and money
This whole system is so stupid I could have my 2-year-old cousin play with my laptop like a piano and the random mess she'd type would make a million times more sense than this nonsense.
more multiple choice less fill in the blank	
I think it's great!	
foo
this is not helping at all....
It isn't the content, its the drag and drop menus that never work, hitting previous will take you back past questions you've already completed.  I wonder sometimes if the creators of this web programs actually ever use the system themselves.  Try moving those silly boxes with the mousepad on your average laptop without a mouse, its impossible.
Errado. Você é uma garota linda e merece ser tratada como uma princesa. Te amo
eca travazapper 
Me
Sometimes there are multiple right answers on the free response fill in the blanks, but they only accept one.
The most challenging questions are by far the fill in the blanks and multiple answer responses. May be a good or a bad thing depending on what the goal is	
Por favor, nenhuma mudança neste momento.
GIT: /
why does there have to be so many questions
using the program and it is a great review of the textbook.
Oo yang pacarnya banyak itu kan
diaaaaaazeeeeeeeeeepam
Many of these questions are not what we need to know based on the lab manual! Very frustrating to waste my time learning things that are not required
Computer errors, such as: delayed question to appear & multiple unnecessary Adobe pop-ups that interupt quiz process.	
I don't like fill in the blank; it would be fine for math, but not chem.	
Why do we do this when you don't put these questions on the exam? The fomat of these questions are fun to do though!
ei amigo, desculpa não falar no privado é que você tá demorando responder lá... sabe a encomenda do pênis de borracha? eu deixei na casa da sua vizinha pois você não estava em casa.
This material has nothing to do with what we go over in class. This is very stupid and time wasting
Adoro teens love huge cocks
You need to make this stuff way easier. I have real classes that I'm taking a big university that need time and devotion. This tends to take hours and hour of precious time that I could be devoting to other things! thank you!
More fill in the blank to challenge people more.	
excellent study tool!!!!	
I wish in some question if we get it wrong they will explain the steps we must take to solve it right like the one in which we have to found the debt ratio. I didn't know how to do it that is why I strugle 	
I LIKE LEARN SMART BECOUSE IT GIVES YOU THE UNSERSTANDING OF WHAT THE CHAPER IS TRYING TO TEACH YOU I DONT DO SO WELL WITH JUST READING	
I feel like that Connect might be helping others but it just seem not to be helping me as much as it might be helping others in this class.
I don't know how to figure out the number problems. It doesn't tell you how to figure them out.  I'm scared to take the test if I don't know how to do the number problems. 	
the amount fo questions required is to high and takes way to long.	
This should not be so tough on spelling. I spelled immunosuppresion when the correct spelling was immunosuppression and did not get full credit. 	
I did not at first understand that you could choose more than one answer, and found this confusing until I became familiar with the site. I also found myself spelling fill in the blanks wrong which has significantly hurt my score. 	
learn smart is TERRIBLE at helping anyone 
This section seemed extremley hard and difficult to understand, this information seems best taught in the classroom. 
i dont think its fair when 200 points is taken off for missing a question and you only reward us with 70 points for knowing the answer. That math doesn't add up with me!	
I am finding several questions that the answers are not in the book.  I send in a challenge to try to get some feed back and this is non-responsive.  Also the questions are asked in a way to deliberately confuse what is being asked for.    	
oks em 10 min estou ai
I've done 4 modules now, and I am finding your product very valuable for review and practice. Thx	
The questions aren't always difficult; sometimes the right answers are so vague that you omit them, especially in the 'check as many as apply' kind of questions. Some questions just use too many double negatives like 'people think of all the following except' and an answer might be 'not worked hard enough.' It's just confusing sometimes, and I have to read the question like five times to really understand what it's saying. Lay off the distractions, double negatives, excepts, and stuff like that, and it's overall a decent system. 
..... i want to go back to compsci :( 
I did this without the book, making it more difficult since there was no way to review.	
vamos kyle. só porque sua mãe é uma vadia, não significa que todos nós temos que sofrer.
Learnsmart is very repitive which doesn't help my learning experince because I just try to remember the answers so that I get them right the next time.
The learnsmart allows me to reinforce what I know by testing my knowledge.	
I think LearnSmart is a useful tool to learn the text book.	
These questions should not be straight definitions. They should prepare me more for exams by making me look up information and making a decision.	
I just need to review the material	
I'm learning but learning slowly	
Friend
I do not like the fill in the blank questions. I feel like the answers are sometimes picked randomly from the text. I type in similar words, but it counts it wrong. It doesn't always correctly show how much I know.	
There is stuff in here that are in chapter that have not been read yet!!!
eh, its better than most homework	
newllyn enfiou o pau no cu de vcs enquanto voces leram isso 😋😋😋
It is difficult to determine what exactly the question is asking for, as some questions have different correct answers	
I'm still confused by the difference between credit and debit... and I have an A in the class. Explain that one for me!!
Your mother is a bitch
Good study tool.	
I use Anki flash cards, being able to flip the cards you are struggeling with is helpful. Then being able to select a review cycle based on your comfort of knowledge is a great tool in Anki. 	
it sucks, just give out paper homework
The gain-loss balance of points (Depending on i fyou get a question correct or incorrect) is highly unbalanced. A wrong answer can result in -200 points if so much as a typo is present but a correct answer gives +75, making it so that if you wish to make up ONE missed answer you must obtain 4 correct answers. This is horribly unbalanced and should be fixed as soon as possible.
when using the learnsmart i notice that the questions are very touchy to spelling that shouldnt be like that, it should be more fair to the subject of spelling sure i missed a letter and the anserw is wrong is not fair, then there are times when the questions overlap in chapters chapter 6 questions in chapter 5 module 	
I also have to complete a Chapter 18 Assignment. So spending this much time on a module is not ideal.	
some of the questions are in to small print- HARD TO SEE	
claro já to, ai vai vai sua gostosa, mama rápido isso mama bem forte aperta minha pika isso ai que delicia
This is pretty helpful though.	
we only did half of the chapter for our studies, yet questions are from all of the chapter.  This makes it difficult to answer because our curriculum doesn't cover the material covered in these questions.	
Many of these questions are very irrelevant to my book, many things are not discussed in my book. I have an average in the course in the high 90s and have encountered many things in this module I do not recognise from my teachers lectures or our textbook
The exersice on placing objects to the right position does not work. Chapert 4 section 3, 5 and 7.	
Poorly written questions with a poor computer recognition system, your program stinks!
It is a new studying tool. I will try it.	
We should be able to print the questions and their correct answers after each module to study.
Tentando fingir um conflito
LEARNING SMART IS USELESS AND TIME-CONSUMING...
Amém
This is very helpful in studying for my exam. I like that the questions are things that I should be expecting, and is wonderful practice. I have also learned things that I did not have in my notes.	
i believe that they asked toooo many questions to the point where i just answered questions by guessing since it was repetive. It took away from my other assignments in college!!!1	
este é o meu ramo de correção rápida e usarei para fazer minhas correções rápidas
on the multiple choice questions...sometimes the answers are to similar.	
It is inaccurate for an entire question to be scored as incorrect when you get most of it correct.  For example, on questions where you select multiple choices, the degree of correctness should be awarded for the percentage that a student gets correct.  For example, if three out of four of the correct choices were selected the pie wedge filled in should be three quarters green and one quarter red to accurately reflect the accuracy of the student's response.	
annoying questions	
It helps when I miss a question and it comes up later I will get it right and remember the answer.	
Stop putting those stupid fucking how well do you know the answer before I can even see the fucking selections. That is some stupid shit. Just let me answer the damn question. I'm not here to make your program better. I'm here because my teacher thinks this online is important for some dumb reason. Even though none of this is on the test. 
procura um trabalho, vadia
Even though the questions are difficult, is it the information I need to know..... So I don't mind... 	
its nice	
LearnSmart is a good kickstart for students 	
Several commentaries provided after answering a question were poorly spelled and need spell-check correction. I feel the learn smart has been a very strong tool and I very much appreciate it's qualitiies.!	
I HATE this program. I think its STUPID!!!!!!!!! The only reason why i have this stupid program is because it is required for my class. Otherwise i wouldn't waste my time on here. 
maintaining honor role, and only using moduels online to study. have not read the book
These are ALL just concepts, not hands on. The ALEKS module  (separate from this website) is more helpful than Learnsmart.
うける
I hate connect as much as I hate math. That is a lot. You suck.
I felt a littlw unprepared as I began this module, mainly because I was unsure what to expect.  But I felt it was a good learning aid and I think as I use it more I will improve my scores	
This is a nice tool to use, but there are way to many question, this is very time consuming. Also if a question is missed why is another one added ?	
i love this program.	
This is extemely too long on top of the other assignments i need to complete for this course.
Certifique-se de que está em dia com o seu Deus antes de tentar fundir isto
apenas rastreando o repo
We did not cover a large section of material that was in this module	
This program did not help at all and takes way to much time out of anyones day to study and get shit done!
Also, if you could get a muscle ID with OIA's for labs that would be awesome too. Same with bones, and I'm sure nerves, tissues, etc for later on throughout the year...
too specific, waste of money
this has actually made me less perpared for my exam. The questions are quiet confusing. 
At first the questions are tricky, i search in my book for the correct answers and i still get them wrong but once i keep going and see the same questions over again i start to remeber the questions and answer correctly. i likw learnsmart	
Too much questions 	
seriouly this many	
several of the questions where not in the chapter. such as combustion analysis I read the chapter word for word and it was not mentioned once. It got to the point i just started guessing answers because it got too frustrating. especially with the questions with multiple answers. 4 hours is way to long to spend on this poor excuse of learning material. I feel i didnt learn anything from this module just reading the chapter will help me pass the teast the teacher hands out.....
If an answer has the same words but in a different order, then it should be counted as correct, not wrong. 	
The modules have been a great tool in helping me learn tand understand he material! 	
Learn smart is easily one of the best online homework systems I've used so far.	
I have missed a question before, because there were two blanks to fill in.  I put want and need.  The answer was need and want.  Something should be corrected with those types of questions.	
Good material, I just failed to study enough :/	
I want to keep going not to be stopped, even if I am doing bad 	
Seu commit está emitindo cheques que sua fusão não pode receber.
Oi kadin maka oi wagas
LearnSmart and Connect will only be useful in twenty years when all it's issues have been ironed out.
When no one is around you
i really enjoy learning this way its a good way to have to really read all material in order to be successfull	
it would help a ton, and im sure im not the only one who has said this, for math problems, and solutions with them because in college classes they are not discussed as often as people would like 	
the module started with a huge number of questions (around 105) making it a huge assignment which I was not expecting at all, making it fairly frustrating to work through. 	
So far I am very pleased with the setup of learnsmart and the accuracy of the questions.	
preciso de outra cerveja
sexy dame med poklene på brystet❤️❤️ alle elsker hun
Mergederp
The wording of some of the questions I find confusing	
Some questions could be more specific on what they are asking for	
To easy to guess at them. Not worth my money. Thanks for putting this in the middle of my 'learning'. 
I enjoy using this method of studying	
A few of the fill in the blank questions seem to have multiple solutions.  When the question asks _____ orbitals and  atomic orbitals is the correct answer, shared orbitals, hybrid orbitals, and other words may also correctly fill the blank.	
Great study technique!	
The only issue I have is when the tests begin, there are always those questions that were not covered in the LearnSmart or lecture. Perhaps I am not studying enough, but I feel I my test grades should be higher. 
These questions are well done	
senta aqui fião
uhhhhhh
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Waist of time for me. This is not how i learn
this is helpful, but tedious and time-consuming	
I have noticed that these questions may or may not be on the tests, I would like them to be on the test	
Acredite em mim, não está mal escrito. Está bem acima da sua cabeça.
I wish learnsmart was more lenient with spelling!!!	
I wish the answers to missed questions were shown in more detail.	
que baum
So far so good!	
i wish the problems would explain WHY something is wrong. my chemistry connect works better that way. the accounting connect seems a bit different	
A very easy and efficient way to study.	
The questions don't give enough information for me to find in the book.  Im basically teaching myself with wrong answers and then just knowing the answers when the ? comes again
clashes with my learning style
Learnsmart is garbage. you people are truly awful
Learn smart has bettered my knowledge in Accounting. Thank You.	
This software is a plauge upon those with a brain. It penealizes those with a proper understanding of the proper terms and rewards those with the book open in front of them. In no way do I feel this is worthy of my time, efforts or hard earned money. Get it out of colleges and back to the drawing board.
choices are missing on the questions that ask to put tasks in chronological order	
você tem uma raba linda, da pra ele
You morons don't understand English beyond the scope of a mouth-breathing luddite with an IQ barely over room temperature. Your fill in the blank questions are completely pointless and utterly incomprehensible, along with the rest of the stupid learnsmart module. I'm not learning ANYTHING new, but your asshole sales representative decided it would be nice to convince our professor to force us to do this shit for the class, and so I'm doing it. But really, I game the system, I take screenshots and paste answers, and even when I don't do that and genuinely discover something I didn't know before, the learnsmart modules are so forgettable that I don't retain the information. In short, this is unnecessarily long, boring, pointless, and completely useless. Fuck you for making this. Fuck you for making me do this.
My time was poor due to the fact I waws doing this as well as doing other things on the computer.
takes too long and sometimes i accidently click the wrong button and i get the question wrong even though i knew the correct answer	
É por isso que git rebase é uma coisa horrível e horrível.
Learn smart is the biggest waste of time I have ever come across in the 3 classes I have had to use it so far.  It is a horrible horrible program.  I LOATHE it.  My time would be much better spent learning the material ANY other way.
i like the fact that the the questions i dont know are repeated until i get them right 	
I did not start getting my points till the end....	
Once again, we were promised testing on the basis of CONCEPTS, not SPECIFICS. Once again, LearnSmart has been terrible on that front. This program is a great idea, but it just does NOT work in the way that it ought to!
serio que ta me perguntando isso? se mata namoral
tenho cara de moça da previsão do tempo? rsrsrsrs
com qualquer um/uma que você goste, que te valorize. vai dar tudo certo. seja otimista e tenha fé.
Lurrn smarrte iz da BOM!	
Why are you asking my opinion on this? You've already decided that students want your program, whether they ask for it or not. Even your little 'At this rate, you're learning 47 new items per hour' line at the top of this screen is just there so you can skew the stats to make it look like this is helping me. I've had three classes that use this system, and in each class *every single student* hates Connect. I even have one professor that's made Connect one percent of our grade because of how much she despises it. It's useless, and takes up extra time where I could be studying my textbook. We wasted our entire first week of Chemistry just troubleshooting your site, meaning we missed a week of Chem. I can't say enough bad things about McGH Connect. 
Really pointless. 
GET RID OF THIS STUPID THING!
so o lucas pode me obrigar fazer algo
Com prazer, mas eu irei matar ele como ?
Eu sou homem Mas tenho cu
I love this system. it is an extremely helpful tool for learning. Thank you!!!	
I ran across an error, in the question the ureter takes the urine from the kidneys to the bladder it says FORM instead of FROM, this may throw some students off.	
droga é o brian
STOP JUDGING ON SPELLING .	
Very helpful for me! Notes and lectures go right over my head but this is very very helpful. Im very glad my class is using this program	
I wish I was taught the material before I had to do the assignemtns. It seems backwards, and is making the learnsmarts of no use to myself.
the questions are too much	
this is stupid i hate doing this 
why all the animations? get rid of all the card flipping stuff and try to make it not so slow
This software is awesome! This is part of the key to education improvement in the United States and even all over the world! Screw Blackboard....!	
OIII Labelle. Senti a sua falta. tinha uns chatos enchendo meus culhões aqui.. ainda bem que voltou.
This is my first time using learn smart and I am pressed for time but I think that Learn Smart will be very helpful when I am able to use more time.	
I find it more difficult to fill in the blanks (of course).  The mutiple choice are easy for me.	
very good tool, helps me see what i need to focus my studies on more	
way to many questions per module.	
maluco repete pf teu chifre fez um eco fudido :(
I use the modules after reading the chapter and doing homework. I find they are helpful for reenforcing the concepts in the chapter - and more fun!	
i like how it recycles missed questions	
I do not feel like  I am learing from this at all!!! Really?? A question on which account Germany pays their wages from??  I think more time should be spent hands on, not hours reading through the book for every detailed question that  i will not remember anyway
I consider learn smart to be the biggest waste of my time. I do not study in this manner and be made to do so forceably by attributing points to the modules is utterly rediculous. Doing these modules has been the biggest head ache of my semester and I look forward to no longer having to do them. The only guarenteed result of these digital flashcards is that if the user is being coerced to complete them, they will become very irrated and by the time they complete them they will be regressing to the soft oral stage. I can appreciate a giant book company that already profits millions of dollars on college students in debt to their eyeballs wanting to syphon more money in their direction by selling this rediculously over priced quicktime based application, that could be produced by most high school educated programmers, but honestly this product should be marketed to the students not to the professors. if the program is really as good as your company claims that it is then some students would want to pur chase it anyhow, but do noit market it to the professors as you will inevitably create the same sitaution that you have in this class, forcing students to complete this program to get the points not to learn the material so you will not help those students anyhow.
It seems like sometimnes I answer he question with confidence and then get it wrong becasue it wasn't specific enough.  It would be nice to see if I was on the right track, instread of just wrong	
The wording on some questions are excessive and confusing.	
I would rather you broke the chapters up into multiple smaller (20 Q's) sections, than try to squeeze everything into one. Also Please NO FILL IN THE BLANK questions please!	
mispelling words should not count as a wrong answer. I personally am dyslexic and the word looked right to me. Also, the word box did not give any hint as to the misspelled word.
You should get together and come up with one definition per term no matter what book or program you guys are using. Contact me for details at:         gpenfiel@k-state.edu.
The page given for pyroxidine was not correct.  The question for B-6 led me to the page for biotin, which is B-7.  This and minerals are the two hardest chapters in the book.  Maybe there should be more questions.  Thank you for your excellent questions with immediate feedback!	
claro Camila minha linda
I wish the learnsmart program did not use adobe flash. It is heavy and does not run smoothly or at all on old or mobile devices (such as ARM-based mini-computers). I would prefer if the system used standard formats such as html5, css3, webgl, and javascript. HTML5 provides many new functions, and when combined with websockets, could replace adobe flash for almost anything.
Adicionadas algumas NullPointerExceptions - Feliz Páscoa, seus desgraçados! : D
GREAT WORK! helps students alot	
a tua mãe aquela gostosa
I think this is a stupid waste of time.  I have never read the book.  I just guess and thequestons are so obvious, it is hard to get them wrong... Cut this out completely.
I like how this asks if you really know the answers to the questions or if you are just guessing so that the software can develop a learning style for you. 	
to many questions to complete module	
sim, eu te odeio
bro... i noticed like 15 grammar and spelling errors. Don't see how you guys are going to teach me when you dont know shit like that..
Some of the choose all answers are misleading	
I like Study Smart!!! I think it helps me to review a lot of things!	
Makes work fun, but needs more operator error assistance.	
This is nothing like the exam. But I bet Dr.Reddie doesnt even read these. Or anyone else for that matter. I want proof these get read by somebody. E-mail me at Daniel_Espinola@student.uml.edu by December 6th with the Subject line We Read These. Does anyone actually work here? I actually WANT to be wrong regarding this, but I doubt it. Prove me wrong, PLEASE prove me wrong...
I dont learn from this its dumb
To allow time to change an answer when you know the answer and you hit the wrong buttton	
The wording of some of the questions makes it hard to understand exactly what is being asked.	
nao tragam suas namoradas aqui ou vc sai corno 😔
I would not use the word difficult.  It is a challenge.  A good challenge.	
I think if our teachers want us to do our other Assg. they should cut the questions down some this is way to many and way to much time is spent doing it and not our other work having only 7 days to complete.	
Questions can be unfairly worded.
Some fill in the blanks could potentially have many forms of answers, if the fill in the blank is telephones and phone is put in its wrong. but its not.
toda quarta
Está bem vou te chamar de Gabizinha
Terrible way to increase knowledge of a subject. Would rather shoot myself. It helps me out NONE. 
muito humorístico, mas infelizmente minha agenda está lotada. irei reprogramar meu relógio de gargalhadas para hoje às 22:57. será 2 minutos de satisfatórias risadas. enfim, muito engraçado, irei rir.muito humorístico, mas infelizmente minha agenda está lotada. irei reprogramar meu relógio de man...era para ser engraçado ?
This has been very helpful to me.  It actually makes me learn more and take in more information than if I were to study on my own.	
I don't really like this because I never remember the information when I am done. It is way too much information at one time
there are way too many assignements that take way too much time and it prevents me from being able to digest the material at small incraments taht are needed for retention. also i have other classes that have homework too so these assignements are going to start getting neglected because they simply take too long and there are too many of them
I like learnsmart.	
These modules are not useful for the exam
I think your questions need to be a little more clear. I appreciate the use of proper grammar though, it helps to read the question and understand what is wanted in fill in the blank questions.	
I am satisfied.	
qual tipo de filme Voce gosta?
Some of the questions do not have an answer on the book. I see many of the terms used in the questions for the first time just as I answer it, even after reading the entire chapter and taking notes.	
Most questions are irrelevant to what we actually go over in class	
Some of the questions are too vague or have other answers.	
LOVING IT	
i hate you
claro gostosa gata delicia
você vai ter que responder coitada
There are some questions that are confusing in the wording. I understand the concept but answered partially or entirely wrong because I used a different term or I thought the question alluded to something else. 	
Probably a glitch, but I clicked one of the rearrange questions, and then hit submit. When I did so, I realized that it did not, in fact, move them items as I had told it to. Just a heads up in case it's part of a larger problem, but I doubt it. Probably just user error on my part.	
EU QUERO É QUE SE FODA
Good module!
Make it way shorter, I get bored by the end. I know I can take the break, but I want to finish right away so by the end I start guessing because it is way to long. I would say 50 questions is reasonable, but 90 is too much.
So... tedious...	
I have not fully reviewed the Chapter text.	
the formatting interferes with my grade. if the answer is even just slightly out of line when typing in the answer, it counts the problem as incorrect although my material is correct	
eu pinei cm ele
I love this tool! A&P is all about memory, and this is helpful because it is repeitive.	
My eyeballs have filed a formal protest with the pain processing center of my brain.  The decision making process of my brain has stalled in order to finish the necessary homework, however, it is not looking good as polls are showing that the majority of me is beginning to hate the fact that I can barely read some of these pictures in the online book.	
I dont like using this program
this is the worst thing i have ever had to do why the fudge doesnt it go to the next question when i get it wrong!? this is horrible! 
spelling and grammer should be more closely checked	
It would be helpful if at every question you were able to click on a link that would take you to the spot in the ebook that went over that topic.	
Great tool, I just wished I had more time to use it wisely.	
This program is utterly useless... There are too many questions in the first place, with half of them being stupid straight out of the book answers. If the test was anything like these worthless questions regarding straight sentences from the book, I wouldn't go to class. Also, there is no middle groud with difficulty of the questions - they're either too easy or too difficult.
I believe that 32 minutes was an unrealistic amount of time. I was answering the questions fairly quickly and still took more than 40 minutes.	
Use the modules to actually teach to the tests. I don't know how to read the graphs and Learnsmart isn't helping. I have to go to my professor to learn how to read the graphs. Also, the Learnsmart is learning more about definitions. There are no critical thinking questions. 
Fill-in the blank helps me more than multiple choice	
I like learn smart because it show's me what I need to study but I will not use it to study further. I always use my book to further study on what I need to. But it is nice to magnify what I need to work on. 	
I have actually enjoyed using this, not only does it help me remember concepts but it comes straight from the book so it encourages me to read each and every chapter. 	
no
I suggest that we have a postpone button, so we can take a break anytime we need during study.	
I  really hate this system of assignments, especially coming off of the AP class systems
sim quero vou da minha buceta pra vc
to many questions for different chapter
vai tomar no cu doente
The wording of some of the questions can be tricky but I imagine the test will be the same	
It would be nice to be able to click on the fill in the blank answers - it would help prevent the words being spelled incorrectly.	
i wish more teachers could use this system these are the note cards i should be making but either dont know how or havent really tried to do	
I think this is a waste of time I could be using to actually study the material.
I am very thankful for this learning module. I feel as if it helps me prepare a great deal before I take the weekly tests.	
Um robo escroto que é uma imitação barata de mim 
These assignments are such a waste of my time.  I cringe whenever I see a new one is due.  I have never encountered a more useless exercise in my entire educational career.  I despise this glorified community college, and I can't wait to transfer back to where I came from at the end of the semester.
spelling should not count if only one letter is left out.	
I prefer learning this way and enjoy it	
I think these could be a lot shorter, they usually take me 2 or 3 times longer than the actualy homework takes me. That being said, I do think they are a very helpful study tool, and I always learn a lot when I use this module.	
The questions are occasionally confusing, and going back and doing the same problems worded differently does not help me. That part confuses me even more. There are way too many questions 
locaaaTu Mama stupida
i didnt know any of the thingsvery helpful
This has been the biggest waste of time. It's just a bunch of highly specific text-book based definitions you have to have memorized and nothing else. No over-arching concepts or deeper meanings. This program is not 'teaching' me anything, and I'm not learning anything other than to hate McGrawHill. Why aren't there videos illustrating concepts from class? What's the point of going through what is basically 100 virtual flashcards, and not having a chance to review any concepts you have wrong from the book right there on the screen? I missed a lot of questions twice and even three times because I simply handn't memorized the correct answer, because there wasn't anything but the most cursory explanation offered as to why I got the question wrong in the first place.
The wording in the questions on this module is confusing and doesn't really follow the wording in the book's lesson.
The difficulty is in the wording of your questions. 
vai tomar no teu cu caralho quero responder não 👺🖕🏻
could use more of the diagram naming questions such as the one that had three different parts of the bacterial cell	
You're wrong on some of the answers!	
a que vc se sentir melhor
This chapter is better	
Little to none of the content of these questions are in the book, either explicitly, or inferred.
accept misspellings because it becomes frustrating when one letter is not correct	
many questions are not from the class lectures	
So far, I think LearnSmart is great for helping me learn material from the book, however, there are just too many questions per chapter which can take a very long time to complete when we are given multiple chapters for homework.	
I really enjoy using this module.  I'm only hesitant about giving it top marks because my teacher is very hard, and his questions tend to be more specific (or so he says.  My first test is tomorrow and if asked again, I will update my answers to this questionaire.	
This shouldn't be mandatory. It's a collosal waste of time. 
It is alot of information to take in.   Alot of the materail is covered, however, some of the choose all that apply options are tricky.	
It seems like the questions aren't matching up with the book so it is hard to know the answers	
There is way too many questions.	
nothing about my study!!! I wasted money
continue present performance.	
pqp maluco, antigamente as mulher se limpava direito, hoje em dia ta lotado de mulher que nem a buceta lava, vai se lavar sua desgracenta
The questions given are busy work as opposed to testing me on something I truly need to know to succeed in Chemistry. I prefer the Aris homework.
I'm watching tv and working on this.	
This thing keeps crashing on me. Also, I notice my classmates are constantly sending emails about how unreliable the website is. 	
This is one of the WORST utilities I've ever used for a class. You don't allow the professor to imput his own questions? What kind of crap is that. Not only that, but having websites that are primarily used with Internet Explorer, make me laugh because of how people still think that that browser is relevant. Step up your game because I'm really aggravated.
The module provides a good blend of the obvious and obscure questions. excellent	
I liked it!	
It would be great if the directions of select 1 or all that apply questions would be larger!	
This is a good tool. Very well made. 	
sou mesmo idai
I liked being asked again a question that i had previously gotten wrong. It retested my memory and if i learned something new by getting the question wrong, i can test my new knowledge. 	
comme marc dutroux
Learn Smart models have no value to them. They are a waste of time, Connect quizes are much more effective.
Site not working properly. Keep having to reload and wait a long time.	
I dont enjoy this at all.
I think this should be optional. It doesn't fit my method of studying.
I think learn smart is great and you are on the right track so far. 	
tests too hard	
THis program is spectabular!  I just feel it should always give multiple choice questions.	
Sometimes the sentences don't match up with the definitions in the book and cause confusion. 	
oii ^-^ como vai?
Claro
I do not have my book yet and I think it will be easier when I am able to read the material first. 	
I love LearnSmart. It reinforces the material i have read and makes it easy to study and understand concepts and calculations	
vem me fuder com seu pikao entao 
More big booty hoes.	
great software, easy to use dashboard.  maybe a link to the eBook for each question?	
I think there was a bug on one of the questions.   It was a multiple answer question & I had only clicked one, but hadn't submited it yet because I knew there were others to click, & it already submited it & told me I got it wrong.  So... could you fix that?	
More Questions, possiblily a time limit per question	
Some questions can be opioninated, or more difficult than they need to be.
I love using the LearnSmart app on my iPad and iPhone.  It's very convenient to review material anywhere.  Keep up the great progress with the updates.  One suggestion: in regards to any visual aid or picture used in a question, the label is missing.  Some arrows and lines are visible, but no label A or B etc.  Please fix that issue.	
This is the best tool I have used in my college experience so far. this is very helpful and easy to use.	
foda
Too much fill in the blank	
I love this feature of the McGraw Hill material. I wish every class used this style of course work.	
This module was alot helpful than the other excercises we get online. To me personally they teach you and they see where your area of weekness is and they give you more helpful hints on how to understand it better	
tuca waifu japonesa?😳😳😳
This program is a very good learning tool.	
A small explanation for all the questions answered wrong would be helpful	
I feel that this takes up too much of my time leaving me with little time to do any of the other homework I need to finish or little time to do anything else that might be important to me. I feel that this much work is unfair to anyone trying to take multiple units because these modules monopolize most of my time.
This is my first time using LearnSmart, and so far it has been helpful by letting me make mistake, and showing how to correct those mistakes.	
um tapa na gostosa
less fill in the blank, more mulitple choice	
too many questions haha	
There are few questions that are not very detailed.	
lalalala i have an exam in less than 48 hours wut am i going 2 dewww?!?!?!	
viva aos nazistas 😍😍😍😍
Merp merp merp, merp merp merpa merp :3	
This program has been amazing! Thank you!	
this is great but the history learnsmart sucks	
Some questions automatically submit when picking an answer instead of selecting and then submitting.  Can catch you off guard.	
A lot of material to cover in one assignment. Sometimes it becomes overwhelming.	
LearnSmart has been helpful, but it takes a lot of time dedication!	
If I knew who made learn smart I would punch them right square in the face. Doing this module makes me so angry. I hate it! It is the dread of this class knowing that each week I am going to be subjected to this type of torture. It is such a waste of my time. I would rather spend the time reading from the book then doing these stupid activities. It makes me so mad that I cannot focus and just end up hating the material. Thanks learn smart! But seriously I would totally punch you in the face whoever you are...
I wish you had a chapter exam version. that included all 4 chapters in one learn smart activity to do to prepare for exams .	
I love Learn Smart! IT's really helpful. It forces you to study well. If you know the material, you do well and know what you're talking about - if you don't, then it tells you what to study. It's great! :) 	
This provides no actual understanding or examples of the material. Does not help toward exams at all.
I am having issues with my onstructor seeing my scores. At first I didn't realize they needed to be done it in the library tab but now she can only see 1 of the chapters score.	
I like connect a lot. But i feel it doesn't always focus on what we are being tested on. 	
We should be given more time to choose our answers. The time we spend on the assignment should not deduct points from our learning module results.	
My teacher uses learnsmart as a way to force us to teach ourselves because class time is for review I think that's bullshit. A teacher's job is to teach. Learnsmart needs to seriously emphasize it's benefit as a REINFORCEMENT TOOL. not a teaching technique.
waste of time. wording is poor. would work better as all mult. choice
vá ser feliz
Some of the things that are said in here are not in the book. Like that of pantimedias. Another problem is that I put earings like that of un par de los aretas. I need to know how to put it. I know the color purple and put morado and I got it wrong because I did not put in morados which makes no sense, the correct answer should have been morado for purple not plural purple. There was no such question for plural. 
Answering how sure I am about the answer to a question is pointless.  I find no gain from it.  	
The questions need to match the book.  Get rid of all questions where you automatically give us the answers. 	
Although the questions are fairly difficult, this set up of testing our knowledge allows me to study in a new way that will allow me to memorize, remember, and recall information needed.	
naaaaaao....me instala denovo ?
I like the program!	
Some questions on this chapter were to confusing to get the correct answer for them. Just a heads up	
Thank you so much for providing this program! It has been extremely helpful!	
Vai se fuder 
the questons in itself seem tricky, there are a lot of things that are happening when a charge is in a carbon atom (a charge itself doesnt mean positive or negative. it does replace an H bond usually but the wuestions feels tricky. 
thanks for this prpgram its very nice!	
This whole system is rubbish!  Do you really think this is effectine learning?  You need to proof read your questions, and ask yourself is this worth reading?  
sim vc tem
So far, I really like this new learning tool.	
Sometimes I choose maybe instead of just guessing because I know the answer will be multiple choice. Kinda skews your data a little bit	
apartir de agora você deve sua alma para lucas r.
Helpful!	
why so many questions?	
Too tired. Hate this. WHY. Not helpful. 
I like the idea of learn smart because it teaches me material by getting them wrong the first time and i retain the right answer so when i get asked agian i can immeditly remember because i already got it wrong a few times 	
qual a diferença entre um padre e um tenista? resposta:as bolas com que o tenista brinca têm pelinhos
to indo
Colocando carvão no servidor ...
have to confirm a resubmission,  which happens too often.  Why??
oh vai toma no teu cu em maluco vai toma no teu cu em o filha da puta vai te fude em vai se fude em vai pra casa do caralho em eu te conheço nessa porra? eu sei quem tu eh nessa porra? eu sei onde tu mora nessa porra? tu ja me falo comigo nessa porra? vai toma no cu, porra, vo atende tua ligação na casa do caralho porra oh vo te caça nessa porra aonde que eu te ve tu vai ganhar 2 pescoção vai toma no cu mandando vagabundo ir pra casa do caralho
This program is the absolute worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my entire 16 year education.
This learning tool is NOT a replacement for a lecture.
I think the questions need to be repeated even if I get one correct. I could have gotten correct by luck or it was a very good estimated guess and in order to cement the correct ideas into my head repetition is a good idea.	
i really love this program its fun and stress free and that is when i learn the most!	
Have to read chapter thoroughly before doing well on questions.  Good system, I enjoy the ranks.	
Does not match the lesson notes
Do not deduct points for typos or miss spelling.	
Okay i will
I just don't want to do 130 questions for each chapter, it's frustrating.	
love love love love love love	
sometimes the way you word questions is very confusing, and makes it hard to understand, so maybe had a reword button for some questions	
The assignment questions are good and I feel I learn a lot from them.  I rank them 100, however, when I take the quizzes and think I should get at least a 90 on them I find I don't know the information as well as I do with the assignment questions.  I think the quizzes are extremely hard and am very concerned on how well I am going to do on the tests.  I also do not feel like I get enough time for the quizzes.  Some questions have several parts and some you need to think about.  my computer is also not as fast as others and that takes some time too.  	
Some questions are very difficult, but overall, fairly difficult.  I say too much time is spent on LS but it is time I need to retain the material in the lesson.	
I'm never sure if the questions asked will be in the form of a multiple choice or fill in the blank which is much like a real test, but my hesitance has made for me to feel reserved in my answers.	
refuckulated o carbonatador
esses caras estão invertidos
The reasons why I feel that My Math Lab or my My_Lab programs are better are because: 
Hate this program
your program is bad and you should feel bad
Reinventando a roda. Novamente.
I can fill in the blank and choose multiple choice all day, but I still have no clue what I'm doing	
The content and questions are very good and helpful but spanish is something that just does not come easily. 	
It will be helpful if there was a side button giving us the choice for: need help figuring it out, or something like that. just for learning reiforcement.	
Some of the answers that require very exact answers (such as the fill in the blanks) are a bit too complicated because synonyms cannot be used. 	
If a question is answered wrong, provide the page of where the answer can be found ??	
fala q sim
so far i like the program	
LearnSmart (all modules) has done an exceedingly fantastic job preparing me for tests given in the class, as well as given me broad understanding of the topics covered. Well cone!	
I think this will help me very much, it is telling me what I need to focus on in my readings and will give me an idea of what is to be on the test. 	
bora tirar a tela do j1 novinha pra botar a tela do j2 😳😳😳
TODO: Diga a alguém para implementar isso
it helps me keep a of  things in my mind about sociology.	
I think that there are too many questions.	
Essa eu Tenho de sobra 
I've done the best on this module/taken the least amount of time. I don't feel like I know the material any better than the previous modules. perhaps the questions have been easier in this section. 	
Não empurre este commit
I didn't know this class would be mainly online
as vezes
colocar tudo gostoso 
My language barrier is simply killing me, I am making mistakes in a regular questions including grammatical one	
Wubbalubbadubdub!
salut ! ^-^
Sometimes I'll put answers that are more specific than the correct answer and it will count it wrong. 	
When the answer will be multiple choices can you make the text larger & a different color? I don't really notice it until it's too late. Thank you!	
I like this learning tool because it helps me with a learning disability.	
I definitely know the material much better after using learnsmart, but sometimes the questions are too in depth to answer before seeing the material ran through by someone that has a few pointers. I like the program though. Its better then just reading the material.  	
rir
the whole process is to long. people have jobs and kids to care for and cant be worried about how they have to spend two hours to answer a bunch of questions they already know from reading the book.
A lot of the questions are not direct; for instence, one question asked about the graphics in an advertisement; in the book it said look for visual imagery and you guys marked me wrong on that question. Some material and questions are not adding up.
I do not like the layout. I've never had trouble learning by means of online study guides but I can not learn this way. The system is tedious and annoying. I'm trying to learn marterial not tell the system if I may or may not know the answer. The part of the module is completely unneccesary and distracting. I'd like to just answer question and use my time effectively. 
This has been one of the better ones	
Thank you this is a great way to learn and keep learning.	
I really don't like this system.  
rodízio de traveco $15,00
the questions don't match what is in the chapter, or the program expects you to remember every single detail which is crazy! I hate this program!
Some of the questions are worded strangely, and occasionally the multiple choice answers are too similar	
I hate your stupid inter-FACE!! 
To that guy who is sitting in his office somewhere feeling all smug that he created this great program for students, stop. You have nothing to be proud of, this monstrosity you call an educational program is useless. You should be ashamed to be so proud of what you've done.
I really don't like how you subtract 200 points from our standing for getting a problem wrong, as opposed to the mere 70 points we get for getting it right. It should be equal. Also, you should give partial credit for multiple answer problems. It's frustrating to see my points extinguish so quickly after I worked so hard to raise them up. It makes me want to quit, not try harder. It's disheartening.	
I wish there werent so many questions	
some of the questions seem random and are very hard while others are rather easy	
These are WAY TO FUCKING LONG.
oq disse puta?
added fats are fats we add to the food......really, that is a question you are asking?	
I just don't like homework.
It's a waste of time doing this work when it has very little coorilation with the class material. I spend hours doing  this then pray that it still have time to ACTUALLY study, read the chapter, etc after.
THIS FUCKING SUCKS, I WANT TO KILL MYSELF.
This is a very helpful and fun way to learn material and I wish that all of my previous years of classes used a program like this.	
There is a pop-up that keeps asking permission to store information on my computer. I keep clicking 'deny', but it still continues to pop up every few seconds and is incredibly annoying.	
While studying, Im noticeing that i learn better the second go around. Thanks	
The way questions are written are somewhat confusing; and an answer noted as wrong based on entry type 2 vs two.	
learnsmart and connect is stupid. its just a ploy to get more money from financially unstable students. suck it. the fact that its required to pay for a book AND THEN connect is dumb. it shows greedy intentions and also a lazyness of the teacher to actually grade work. STUPID.
Some of the typos threw me off	
I am probally doing them too late, I am tried and not paying at much attation as I should.	
Good overall. Definitely helpful.	
chewie, we're home.
I have spent more hours on this than what is being recorded.	
takes way too long to complete	
I wish there was a way to go back and study material questions from previous assignments.	
Some questons that require writing an answer could have optional answers allowed, for example all managers = management, - management is correct answer, but all managers is incorrect answer while meaning is the same pretty much	
Maria ladrona de ouro
There are some pictures in Connect Ch. 8 (and others maybe) that needs to modified to be able to view it.	
I find this type of homework that is assigned to be cumbersome and fairly a waste of time. However I tend to learn from experience than from questions like these.
épico
aff ta em pronome neutro 😠
mischell deshazo	
Sometimes I don't think that the online textbook covers some of the material asked in the questions. 	
I like using this program because it prepares my for the test. It also tells me what I need to learn more in parts of the chapter. Sometimes I have to re read the section over and over again before it clicks into my brain and this program will tell me if I'm right or wrong. 	
Terms in this exercise are not present in the textbook!! I searched an found some similar terms in later chapters that we have not been assigned to read.
When looking up vocabulary or grammar, it would be helpful if when you click on the open ebook, that the page regarding the question comes up too.	
I think using this method aids in what I learn and retain from the mateiral and helps me do better on the tests.	
In general this moduel is very helpful but I dilike the fact that in can be very specific when it comes to fillin in the blanks.	
It is ridiculous. I spent 5 hours doing chapter 3 and still haven't finished. Just waste of time. I didn't learn anything. Just gog more confused.
I am so thankful for this program. It is a life savior!	
por que não tem vidente na africa? r:porque preto não tem futuro
It's ok. . .	
I hate this stuff.
ANNOYINNGGGG
i feel like some questions have multiple valid answers	
Some of the wording is wierd, like when the question says make a payment on payables  it takes a while to realize it means paying off a debt with cash	
Make a way for people with learning disabilities to listen to the question.	
have had problems signing in thru my college website most likely due to high use volumes	
this is the worst online course ever
This is an excellent tool and I wish I had it available for all of my classes.	
This whole module system is more complicated than it needs to be and distracts the learner from reviewing the material in an effective manner
I don't think its fair that more points are taken away than those that are given.	
I hate this, this is stupid. Why am I doing this? I could be sleeping right now.
Some questions don't fall within the text exactly.	
I feel like the module questions are always trying to trick me.	
Its great help for studying	
Never to old too LEARN	
to may fill in the blank questions, that are to priticular about grammer
meilleur cite du 94
it helps a lot with reviewing the material	
ja
very helpful
Sometimes, there are mistakes. For example, I was told to give the different coxal bones, and Pubis was listed twice.	
Fuck connect
works good!	
Perfect questions to test the basic knowledge of chemistry.	
Gosto de comer banana , de preferencia a sua
Where the hell is any of this in the chapter? 
Online bullshit is no substitute for a real teacher. I'm 100% clear that shit like this is about money and not education.
The questions are misleading or vague. Very poor written program. 
Nossa Linda certamente sabe lidar com um porco.
I feel like that there are too many concepts, but few practical questions.	
This is helpful, and I want to continue to use it for practice. I feel like if I can answer these questions correctly, then I will know the material well.	
my computer is not up to date enough to keep up with learn smart
some questions are stupid
I wish more teachers in both high school and college would use this program.	
I keep getting error messages.  At this point, I just need to get the assignment done for the sake of completion.  I don't really have time to get anything out of it because I've spent too much time redoing my work and reloading my page.
Learn Smart is a GREAT way to study and be prepared for tests!	
fala que curte plantas mas nao libera esses meloes ai
I thought McGraw Hill preformed country music.	
I enjoy this program greatly.  It is very interactive and gives me the chance to answer questions I had previously missed.  I feel as though I am actually learning about biology, rather than purely memorizing facts.	
rewrite some questions more clearly
I think that this is great application for learning the material needed to pass this course and also to understand	
The learnsmart has equiped me with relevant questions which has prepared me further for this course
this shit is too time consuming
esse grupo é simplesmente ridiculo! há meses que entrei pois já conhecia boatos sobre uma gangue virtual que roubavam auxílio  e fgts de outras pessoas, porém decidi ver com meus próprios olhos. com o decorrer do tempo percebi o quão sebosos são os membros daqui. não existem papas na língua para vocês. educação e respeito zero!!! praticam atos de estelionatário  contra nordestinos. são ladroes  roubando auxílio  de gostosa e homofóbicos ao ponto de roubar auxílio de gay. aguardarei com prazer cada um de vocês nas audiências, pois se acham que isso tudo vai ficar impune, estão enganados!!! já tenho prints de centenas de publicações e encaminharei amanhã mesmo para a delegacia
sua bunda
Its the wave of the future, if your not already developoing you should deffinitly look in to it.
You seriously asked the spanish word for no?....
some info in the book is wrong in the tables	
It's hard to see the diagrams when I hover over them so it would be helpful if they could get bigger.	
The LearnSmart system itself is more than sufficient, but I have yet to meet a person who thought that the name wasn't an embarassing shame in college.	
excellent resource	
great job. it helps	
helps me a lot	
i have noticed that on a few questions, it was marked wrong such as Los Angeles on the map in Chapter 2. 	
If i were to make any suggestion it would be to inform studentsbefore using CONNECT to be honest and actually read as it will provide for a better and smoother learning experience
Absolutly a great program!	
Great program! Wish that my professor encouraged the use of the flashcards to help learn the concepts in the reading. Maybe focus on more definitions in the flashcards as well. More tutorials on how to do problems step by step.	
Thank god they're here because the practice really helps. But it does take a lot of time.	
I enjoyed these, quick and fun.	
sei la
I like this program for reviewing and studying. it is very helpfull.	
I wish it didn't add questions necessary for completion if the user honestly answers that they're not sure or less than that, rather than always saying they're exactly sure of the answer. In a time crunch, it can completely mess up a person's grade because they took an extra 10 minutes to answer 8 questions they didn't have either of before starting the module.	
There are FAR TOO MANY ITEMS IN THIS MODULE. You repeat many questions MANY times and it forces me to waste SO MUCH TIME completing this epic series of questions.	
I think the program is great.  Obviosly the only problems I had are pretty nit-picky so the overall is very positive.
My issue with LearnSmart would be the fill in the blank answers.  The book may not specifically give the answer LearnSmart is asking for in exact words and a synonym to the word LearnSmart really is looking for is NOT considered.  I don't think thats fair.	
Many questions are not clear what they are asking when fill in the blank. Some diagrams have not been properly drawn, one time the circle in red was over the tropic hormones when clearly it should be on the hypothalamus, but I got it right and couldn't challenge the answer.
terceira vez é um charme
Super long.	
I learned and understood the material. I normally review for the exams using the Practice section as a refresher. instead I am using this and have to guess if I do not remember off the top of my head.	
Working progress
Way better than last year.	
the program runs slow on my computer so it's taking a lot of time to load	
Jordan
Eae,beleza?
vamos morar juntos e transar ate morrer
the wording is awful
This module has not been quite as hard as other ones (the urinary system).	
this shit is so stupid
It's great. Thank you.	
Too many select all that apply and they are huge 
I dont see the point of this, but I will keep trying my best.
This is my first college course in over 10 years and my first online course.  I am jst getting aquanted with everything.  I think learnsmart is very helpful and I will start moving a lot faster now that I am getting fmiliar and gaining understanding of the course materials.  Thanks!	
I don't like the fact that I can't advance on a question that has more than one possible answer if I don't get them all.  I could see it if I got one wrong but if I get 2 of the 3 right but still don't get to advance it makes me cranky.  These quizzes are taking FAR TOO LONG and it's only making me feel more stupid because I'm not retaining the information at all.  :(
some questions are innacurate	
s claro ela e linda e vc ?
struggle alot with the wording and its to time consuming. can learn faster studing with just the book.
good study guide	
Really I've found Learn Smart to be a waste of my time. I have not learned any new concepts. It's design leads to little more then a guessing game not learning. Choose just guessing then give up write the answer or remember it for next time the question appears. Learning is applying concepts that are discussed not memorazation and/or guessing.
I like the standings, but I wish Anonymous was not an option--instead, just generate a number or psuedonym. Also, I read a lot of complaints about the iPhone app that I hope you will address.	
Com o Daniel Fernandes Pereira
There is an insane amount of grammatical errors in these questions, making them hard to decipher. 
I hate the grading on the wording, or the lack of clarification on the questions with a clear cut answer. I personally prefer video modules over flash card modules.
More online classes should have learn smart.  I like the fact that it helps us review what we read and we get points :D	
alguem do grupo quer se suicidar...
Linda
shouldn't be online should be done in class
goku ssj3 em kaioken preciso falar mais?😎👍🏻
I believe LearnSmart to be an excellent program! I really think it has completely tutored me in Biology. The only fault I find with LearnSmart is the time it takes to complete the sections. 	
Xvideos
I hate that I have to say if I think I know the question it just takes up time and is annoying.	
These modules are a huge waste of time and effort! You can easily learn this material by reading the required textbook and completing a couple problems at the end of the chapter. This is how all the other BA 211 courses do it and its prefectly fine, this learnsmart module confuses me more than it helps me and has a ridiculous number of questions. Please do away with it and go back to the basics of reading and completing accounting problems, these questions don't are just a waste of time!!!
LearnSmart is a good study tool to help prepare for tests, and I like the way you can move up on the list with the points you earn.	
Sometimes the questions are phrased in an ambiguous manner, for example: when asking about what having 5 valence electrons for nitrogen can cause, the answer can range from how many bonds it can have or that it can form ionic or covalent bonds. Another question can ask that NaCl is a blank, blank ranging from compound to ionic bond to salt. Making the questions more specific would really help.	
This is a FUCKING JOKE! Do away with the sly trickery and stop attempting to educate the masses with useless information. Seriously, I understand that you stand to make great deal of money off textbook sales and wish to expand your mark to online learning as well but this will not serve as a useful tool for education.  TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
Salada.
se dinamite fosse inteligência, você seria um estalinho
Completely irrelevant to my course, complete waste of time. All American questions that are not covered at all in my course. All of my classmates just take screenshots of the answers when they get them wrong and then refer to the photo the next time it comes up.
A hora do banheiro é o último bastião da liberdade americana.
the questions are often vague in their wording making it difficult to discern what it is you're looking for as an answer.  this fact combined with the truly poor searchability of the electronic text makes it a frustrating and often confusing experience.  most questions don't explain the reasons for an answer's correctness or incorrectness which only compounds the confusion when an answer is missed.
Some of the answers are confusing.  even when shown the right answer unable to find it clearly on what i have read. 	
The questions are straight-forward.  When I answer incorrectly, it shows me where in the book I can find the correct answer, that is very helpful.	
Alguns bugs corrigidos
at times the wording is just enough different from the book to cause confusion for me	
i think this progrsm is good	
Sim ou Não
Some wordings seem a bit tricky, like the question asking for the difference between public speaking and conversation. The first answer is elevated and polised language, which is very similar to the third option of more formal language (and has the closer wording to the one in the textbook). 	
this is stupid.  should be called learn stupid
I don't like that if I get one wrong it adds onto the amount that I have to do. When it tells me how long I have that it the only amount of time I have, so when it takes longer that is really annoying!
I hate the online quizes.  I learn nothing from them and they are way to hard.
the correct answers popping up in the short quizz's would be helpful after you submit assignment and get results	
Não posso mandar formatei meu celular 
some of the questions are too long	
Some of the questions were not explained well in the text book. It was hard to know the correct answers for some questons, especially regarding genes, DNA, RNA, chromosomes etc. I don't feel like the books definitions were thourough enough for questions beiing asked in some cases.	
então vou ser mulher
I've spent a lot of my time with my computer being idle for things like taking a break or using the restroom and things like that, but the time I've spent doing it is about right.	
I feel like the module is expected to be done right after reading, which makes it difficult when I read a few days ahead of the module assignments.	
when answering fill in the blanks, synonyms should consider being accepted if possible	
Decrease the amount of question to like 20 and it will be fine.
This is a very helpful study guide.	
I don't want easy or simple questions in the learnsmart. I like and appreciate the challenging questions that make me think, and revisit the course material, if I'm not understanding correctly. Thanks 	
The page numbers telling me to review are WRONG. This is hurting my ability to learn!
Some of the blanks, and this is for ALL sections, have many seemingly acceptable answers. It's just sometimes rather difficult to pick the correct word out of the section's definitions.	
Não há de quê
pq ninguém jogou bm, tds avacalharam
This is well done.	
claro sou um matemático!
gordo que joga new star
Very good means buy which to learn, quick and handy and user friendly	
the questions ask the same concepts but in confusing fashion and expect specific wording on things that aren't considered terminology.  this is just using my time poorly
It would be beneficial if the questions were more likely to be test questions. Make it like a practice test. Many of these questions would not make good test questions. 	
The fill in the blanks are hard to get memorize the correct terms	
The learnsmart's are way to long. I have other homework that needs to be done as well.	
it helps me to not rush through problems and read through every question and answer	
This Learn Smart Module system continues to make me have no desire to continue my studies, as it routinely asks questions who's content has not been introduced.  Such as a Herfindahl Index.  I can't find that in the book, and it hasn't been introduced in my reading so far.  I would NOT recommend this as a study tool to any student in it's current state, nor actively seek professors that utilize it either.
waste of time and money. feels elementary not college level. 
This really is helpful	
I have bad reading comprehension and recall is better using both the text then LearnSmart.	
I wish the questions would not repeat themsevles if you get them correct.	
alterar
Não tenho ideia do que estou fazendo aqui.
Fun way to learn quick	
I really appreciate the way LearnSmart readdresses the questions I have missed.  The more I see my mistakes, the more likely I am to fix them :)	
vai esta
respire, =, respire
Repetion is very helpful	
disgusting and ...disgusting
Its a good tool to use to help study the material. I really need to do this more often to help me prepare myself for tests, quizzes, etc.. thanks for the help. 	
Too many questions for something we will not be tetested over.	
Useing LearnSmart..  educates me on what I do not know and what I need to study further. 	
The questions have very strange wording.  	
Getting tripped up by some synonymous terms --- like carrying value and  amortized cost.
The reason I spent 46 minutes taking this test was because I had company stop by and I also ate dinner during the test.	
If I get a question correct, I would still love to see the work that learnsmart provides when we get the answer wrong in order to boost our confidence and to make sure we did it the correct way.	
When asked to know our level of knowledge on a subject, is a someone responds maybe or no the answers should be multiple choice, if they answer probably or yes, then it should be fill-in-the-blank.	
I do not like the select all that apply when dealing with the theoretical math.  Instead of those, I would prefer to work problems out.	
An extrodinary waste of time, from having to type answers, and check spelling, to having to click the mouse AT LEAST 3 times per questions!!!!! 100 questions x 3 clicks = 300 clicks at least, each taking two seconds, for a total of 10 minutes spent per student just clicking the mouse. 50 students in my class alone, equals nearly 10 hours of wasted time clicking whether we think we may now the answer, selcting the answer, and click yes Seriously??? This is very poor for website standards. What's the point?
Please fix the clicking.  When I get a multiple choice question if I have to pick multiple answers when I click on them it is delayed for them to be clicked.  	
Fica assim não, amor. Eu te amo mais que tudo!
I believe that some of the questions are not clearly stated along with some of the answers, but other than the problems I have came across, I believe that this is a fairly good tool for studying.[ 	
Some of the chapters are just too long. all the little quizzes and THEN the 2 hour long test!!!? its really hard to keep up with that plus every other class im trying to do homework for	
It iz preeeety cooo. I like it a bunch. I learn so much more new merterial and i start feeling much more knowledgable the more i take advantage :D	
Legall!!
Learnsmart uses alot of phrases and terms that are not in the text, which makes some of the questions very confusing. I prefer the normal questioning model that connect uses over learnsmart. I do not like learn smart.
On some items in from the text it isnt really clear what is expected to be inputed on fill inthe blank sections. very confusing.	
Mas você só me decepciona 😭
BoRa
I wish LearnSmart would tell me why my answer is incorrecet, because often times I just pick the second best or almost correct answer of the ones I have narrowed it down to.	
I'm just not good with this topic.. I always get them mixed up. But, I do love this set up.	
lfo
This thing is great!	
Merda de besteira de submódulo
some questions ask for one answer but it two to complete. 	
great way to study!!!! and great way of getting base points keep these going!!	
The tests seem to have more minute details than either the Learn Smart or the review quizes.	
this is not helpful at all. 
the amount of points subtracted for incorrect accent marks and whole wrong answers should neither be the same nor nearly that many times more than the correct equivilent	
Do not like fill in the blanks.
Só adicionar ! williamvslimd
Wish you would add the answers before with the question on all instead of some	
very helpful way to learn	
progressive difficulty would help the learning process (easier questions first) and providing a reference page in the book for each question.	
Theses modules take way too long.
posso cheirar sua busetinha? 😁😁😁
Great for reviewing the material!	
with some answers, such as one in this module about moving from a agrarian - oriented to industrial production, the word oriented is difficult to produce/guess even if you know it was an agrarian society that becomes before an indudstrial society 	
the repetitive nature of the content, in combination with competitive scoring system in the right sidebar.
weak ass shit
The program seems to work better if I first take notes from the book in order to retain the subject matter. readi it, speak it record it, then test on it. It takes a while to see how the material can best be utilized. All and all not bad	
tl; dr
vc acha que o kira estava certo ?
I would like the ebook to have some tweaks to make it more user friendly.	
I FREAKING HATE LEARN SMART!!!! STOP WASTING MY TIME!
I have had an issue not being able to find some of the same answers as what LearnSmart say is correct.	
I like the fact that you can go over the information continuously	
ainda bem. esses viados estavam me enchendo os culhões já.
Learn smart is a great tool for studying this subject. I'am moderately confident that I know the content till I have repeatedly gone over the material and have reread the chapter featured here, from the book. Timing is about right for as much info as there is to learn and refresh knowledge on. 	
less questions would be nice.	
The videos suck
this module is perfect but students will not answer honestly so that they may save time.	
to manufacture
-S.R.
Eu sou apenas um grunhido. Não me culpe por este terrível PoS.
I really need to study this material!	
there should be some leeway when it comes to answering questions with multiple answers. in other words you shouldnt just automatically get it wrong. you should get some credit for the ones you answered correctly	
I honestly hate this program. 
The interface looks pretty, but is clunky (it would be nice to be able to press the return key to submit answers and the yes button after answering a question seems superfluous, for example). Also, the wording of some of the questions is somewhat odd.
Some of the spelling is way to strict about accents and just general spelling. It should be more forgiving	
Esta é a última vez que permitimos que o XNAMEX cometa pornografia ascii nos comentários.
All professors should make this sourse of learning mandatory.	
I think this way of teaching is based more on how much you can remember, not on how much information you know. 
Good way to study and get used to accounting concepts.	
wording to specific problems should always reflect the vocabulary and word for word description.	
There is too much homework and not enough time being spent in class to properly explain the material. I am going to a tutor twice a week and have not missed a single class and I am simply not understanding the material. Going to class is a waste of my time; I'm not being taught well enough in class. I will have to sit in on the other teacher's class as well as my own teacher's in order to score even a B on this next test. I hate this class. 	
I have to google the answers they are not even in the book given
I think it is a really good idea even though I hate taking the time to do it.  It makes me learn though.	
Há muito tempo atrás, em uma galáxia muito distante ...
some of the questions are difficult to interpret- but all in all, LearnSmart is a great way for me to review what I have read. It also has shown me what areas of the chapter I need to review. 	
I like how it goes along with the book, it helps me remember where things are and learn faster. 	
Hints would be helpful because we might know answers but need a hint to remember exactly what it is.	
reading the text, and having a prior knowledge of the content has provided me with the information to do well with this.	
Visualy helpful. Helps me more than a regular textbook with the color and the transitions. 	
Online homework is not helpful at all. What ever happened to old fashioned pen and paper? 
claro q n, n sou idiota
Don't try and trick people with the phrasing of the answer. It's not English class... 
I fucking hate this program and I wish evil things to happen to the individual or group that created it.
some questions have answeres that are verbatum of the book....others are made up or revised.  This makes it difficult when answering multiple choice because the book may be talking about Submarines being a public good used for our coastal protection...but I may think it's a private tourist attraction vehicle.  I'm trying to answer what I know...not what I go back and look for in the book is all.	
Send server emails when you have 12 hours left until due date (or even a text notification) because the homework assignments are very easy to forget. 	
this is a pain in the ass...... need more links to learn the material.....
Changing the words that are actually used in the text book is a great way to learn. 	
spelling, one wrong letter = no score	
By the end my nerual pathways become fatigued and it's harder for me to think of answers that I'm confident that I know.	
this is an excellent study tool, wish I had spent more time with this section.	
The fill-in-the blank answers are annoying especially considering we are just learning this chapter.	
Amanha
YEAH SCIENCE	
Some of the way the questions are worded are kind of tricky and gets you to think of the question differently.	
perdemo
te amo muitoo vida❤
find other apps
estou solteira sim mulher
I realize that homework and classwork is easier after doing an LS mod. When I do not do the LS assignment, i become lost durring the entire section 	
Honestly one of the most effective teaching tools I  have encountered thus far.	
good resource for learning.	
makes me sad
I hate learnsmart. I have already been tested on this material. I tried to do the learnsmart before the test, but the website was running so slow I had to review another way. (which means I am literally wasting my time). The transition between slides wastes a tremendous amount of time and bandwidth. I also hate giving a right answer and getting told that I used a synonym so my answer is wrong, and I will have to do the same question over again.
waste of time imo
I enjoy using Learn Smart, I would use it more frequently if there were more learning options such as flash card or a learning game to make the experience more fun. 	
this system is horrendous. A typo can cost you an answer. Shouldn't a computer program that has self-proclaimed itself as the most efficiant in its market be able to distinguish a slight typo. One would think so.
Não...desculpa se eu fui grosso contigo...é q estou numa fase ruim.
for me i think it's fair because stress of using it the first tme.	
I just think this is a waste of time. I read the chapters, now let me do discussions, homework, quizzes...
At first, I wasn't used to the style of questions, but I feel I'm starting to get the hang of it. Also, I'm reading for the first time while answering the LearnSmart questions.	
The fill in the blanks are ridiculous
I think this program is very helpful because it forces me to study more than I think I normally would which is great because it's also helping me with study skills!	
if I had done this model practice before my exam on this particular chapter I would had provably had done much better. now I know how this works.	
i just dont have the time with 4 classes and a job to sit down and keep using this program to really get a good hang of the material.  we shall see how things go later before the exam in the next few weeks to see if i have the time to go back and do this material again.	
the practice tests are the most helpful thing i have ever experienced. im like OH BOY mmmhmmmmmmm me likey likey dingh sing dong.
It only helps if you are willing to actually do intensive study of the chapter before going through the module, otherwise you are wasting your time with guesses.	
Thanks for forcing me to spend my money. this isn't learning. this is memorizing. 
To many fill in the blanks	
i love you and i love this it helps me learn so much and i only use the flashcard modules. i wish all my courses used this. thanks	
Too many questions... fellow students are blowing through with the wrong answers just to get it done.
The professor doesn't always cover everything from a chapter.  I would love to be able to dicard a question if I don't need to learn the information it contains.	
I like that you recycle the questions that I got wrong so I can have another chance to get it right. It helps me to remember the information.	
Games are a better way to teach.	
Sometimes it was unclear what I was supposed to do in some of the activities and they wound up taking a few hours simply because I didn't know what I was doing wrong. Once I figured out how the activity was supposed to be done I realized I did know the material I had just been completing the activity wrong. This was frustrating, I wasted figuring out the program that I could have been using to study.	
questions could be better worded. more time should be given between readings	
i learn more by doing then reading	
krl legal ele e a agaia os galhos dele vão entrar no meu cu
queria ta chupando e trepando e beijando essa mina q eu amo
The questions are not that difficult, it is just that we were taught the material differently in class and have to conform to new terminology. Overall this has been a horrible experience. I think you should leave the learning up to the individual. We all learn at different rates and with different methods. Saying that you have created a specific piece of technology tailored to help all students learn the material is ridiculous!
I am very happy with the LearnSmart program I find it well balanced. It does take some time to complete but not an excessive amount.  It reinforces the material i have already read and helps apply it. I tried to do a module once, prior to reading the Material, and the time it took to complete the module was at least twice as long as when I was prepared. I am also grateful that my teacher has made it a requirement or else I might not have used it and may have found myself struggling in this class. 	
Aaah, aaah, que delícia! que pau gostoso 
I learn better when I can type the words out instead of selecting them from a list. I find the sentences where I am asked to fill in several words very difficult, but the vocabulary is very helpful.	
poorly written answer choices.  questions dont have much bearing on actual use of the material.  answers are not consistant with logical interpretation of grammar.
I want the material to match the book. The reason is I think I know the material . Then when I take the test. I am shock on how little I do know. Base on this its helping me retain a lot since if you say you know the answer and don't it takes away your points. I say just match the materail with the book and this sight will be extremely helpful and if it is I am not seeing don't change it.	
I really dilsike doing 60 questions, but this is what I pay $ 36,000 a year for. To do homework!
This site is a joke.  Your site keeps messing up my ansers and will not record some of the answers i have chosen. I have spent way too much time on your website today because your site keeps messing up. Please fix this so i can do my homework in a normal time span.
These are SO annoying!! I am not learning anything except memorizing. I believe learning is when you can clearly understand and APPLY the things you are learning. These learnsmart modules are simply ridiculous, repeatitive and boring.
Even though you recycle missed questions so that we see them again, it would be nice if there were a review at the end so we could see what we missed in one place.   That way we don't have to take the time to write anything down until the end.	
Great learning tool.	
pra vc TBM 
Teachers who use online quzes and textbooks rob thier students of valuble experience and typicaly have low surpluss of knowledge in their subject. thus they are undeserving of thier professorship yet use the text book to fill in these gaping flaws. in conclusion fuck McGraw hill and all professors who rely on it of their own volition.
7519 Comments	
a lot of the time I type the correct answer  maybe putting an o where and e is supposed to be etc. If the spelling of these words are that important than keep it up I need the practice. 	
just need to read more to absorb material better!	
The questions are out of order. It makes it extremely difficult to begin associating terms with definitions when everything is out of place.  Also, instead of fill in the blank, all questions should be of the multiple choice format.  
ⓘ 𝘔𝘦𝘯𝘴𝘢𝘨𝘦𝘮 𝘦𝘹𝘤𝘭𝘶𝘴𝘪𝘷𝘢 𝘱𝘢𝘳𝘢 𝘢𝘴𝘴𝘪𝘯𝘢𝘯𝘵𝘦𝘴 𝘥𝘰 whatsapp 𝘗𝘳𝘦𝘮𝘪𝘶𝘮.
LearnSmart is great, however learning the concepts at the broadest and simplest form doesn't always prepare you for the application or full problems. But that is what homework assignments are usually for. 	
tes i love you <3 
It is helpful when you get an answer wrong and the question you answered wrong in repeated for you	
love it!	
pessoal peçam para o kill senpai deixar eu ver hentai...😭😭😭
I would prefer quizes to be longer. And have more examples/questions about the same subject.	
I also don't like trick questions, I don't know I am sure it is me, but I get a bit confused with the least to great in certain situations if that makes sense.
I wish that there wasnt so many questions.	
This is the best online learning system I've used yet -- and I've been going to college for at least 5 years.	
enquanto voce esta aqui usando, lucas ta casando comigo secretamente
Often, I knew the answer but I didn't read the question thoroughly. I clicked on something that was true when the question asks for something not true or not of the following... So I suggest doing something like making the answers grayed out for 3-5 seconds if the student clicks maybe/probably know it. This would help remind the student to read everything first before trying to fly through the module to get the right answer. 	
should give me some points if im technically right but not the answer you were looking for	
I do not like the fill in the blanks at all. I like the multiple choice option. The fact that I answer the question correctly, but spell it incorrectly by one letter, giving me a half correct answer. 	
i know the material mostly based off of the multiple choice options that i am given - not off of the top of my head	
make it so you have to confirm that you want to submit a blank answer. i have misclicked a few times already with questions i know
Fairly time consuming, but I feel this is an excellent learning tool that can familiarize students with exam question in various formats to help them better understand and grasp the material.	
avõ pedofilo: o neto pergunta para o avô :vô o que e pedófilo? em seguida o avõ responde: cala a boca e continua chupando
Sou putá mesmo,ou não me chamo Luana Lima?
the modules take more time than they claim to	
this is a system to increase and promote LAZY TEACHERS, hopefully your system crashes and stop, this is just a LAZY TOOL FOR UNETHICAL TEACHERS WHO ARE NOT WILLING TO TEACH ANYTHING AT ALL, your tool MAY HELP ONLINE COURSES NOT AT ALL FOR REGULAR CLASSES is a waste of time BESIDES THE CONTENT OF THE BOOK HAS A LOT OF WORDING WITH EXAMPLES RATHER THAN USING HUMAN BEING COMMON EASY EXPLANATIONS
A vida a dois é um esporte
me da kkkk
it takes many right questions to get a certain score and only one wrong question to drop several spots and lose points 	
This is the worst learning routine possible!!!
Select all that apply questions are very easily confused with the ssingle answer questions, causing me to get them wrong.	
I would like to challenge some of the questions that said i mis-spelled the word and they are the ones that put a space in it when thats not right.	
Ui!
the only quesitons that trip me up or the matching ones	
Some of the provided material is subject to interpretation, and contingent on the individual (and their possible cultural influences), their answer may vary with what here is defined as correct.
It's very helpful.	
--Brad 
There were certain questions that where worded poorly and some that were confusing on how to answer.  For example, there was a question asking me to name the ovaries, it pointed to both ovaries, yet wanted me to answer ovary instead of the plural. On that same question it pointed to both testis and wanted the plural.  	
I like bananas.
tagging release wtf
I am impressed by how interactive LearnSmart is. It is very well-programmed.	
dont use the match questions. i just skip those cause they dont really work anyway.
going great	
íris eu te amo
I pretty much feel like LearnSmart is a waste of my time.
thank you. it is very good, otherwise. I like how it reviews questions we got wrong.
pequenas mudanças
Might be helpful to see/read and hear the questions simultaneously for oral reinforcement.	
Im spending a lot of time doing this chapter but this is a huge chaper to go through.	
I hope there is a visible scale of the points I earned for every question I answered correctly or partially missed.	
Obviamente... Não!
The fact that I accidently click on an answer because I am putting my hand on the mouse and it makes it wrong kind of ticks me off. Maybe if there was a submit button for all of the answers it would be a more positive learning experience.	
The questions asked in the module are effective in learning the major concepts, which is critical in developing a basis for my understanding. I get a lot out of each module, especially before doing more complex problems.	
É claro, eu te amo demais! ♥
ooii gatoo
paaaaaz
Respon
This program is annoying since we aren't even tested over it. It really is just to 'pad' our grade so we don't fail because the professor KNOWS that his class is a joke. No one pays attention because the material is rediculous since there is no text book for the material we go over. 
Some of the open ended questions could have multiple correct answers.  	
I wish to learn the concept in this course.	
Silêncio plebeu.
i got my answers straight out of the book and was told there were wrong	
Learnsmart does help me study, and I even find it a little bit fun!  But some of the questions are too specific; for instance I have run into several questions like:
does not help me with my tests at all
it is a very useful tool	
p-por favor... seja gentil 
The constant prompts to quit working are annoying, along with the occasional pop-up stating that I'm 'struggling' with the material. The only reason why this application thinks I'm struggling is because it is so unfriendly to the user that I keep making mistakes.
I really think it takes to much time.	
They seem pointless. None of these questions are ever on the test.
It costs some time, but its really helpful to your study.	
Some of the answer choices are not correct, even when referring back to the textbook.	
good study tool to make sure knowledge is known	
Nós nos conhecemos há muito tempo
IM GOING TO DISNEYLAND!	
endireita essas costas ai nissan
I hate Connect!  It sucks and it makes me loathe my teacher!!
I always read the chapter prior to doing the Learn Smart module, and feel confident I know the material.  Then when doing the module, I keep missing questions that I know.  Some of the missed questions, I know are due to misreading the question.  The other issue is due to misreading the answers and picking the wrong answer or transposing answers in the write-in questions.  I do like these modules, and feel they are helpful in my studies.  The only other complaint would be the amount of time I am spending on each chapter!	
half your answers are in direct contradiction to the text
Many of the questions in this module have focused simply on little history facts about the cultures unrelated to art. While this information is  helpful, students would have been focusing on how the history connects to art, rather than these little details.	
Learn Smart is a great way to help me understand the Chapters and gives me the practice that I need.	
It is hard to determine the questions that require more than one answer.	
some items are not in the textbook that are in the learn smart module	
i'll be honest, fellas, it was great, but i could of used a little more cow bell.	
I really dont care for then fill n the blanks.... overall i like it. :) yet 2 say it only has been four days.	
some sections are just too long for my interest in the subject 	
Mostly need the book	
LearnSmart is extremely helpful. However, whenever a LearnSmart module is required in a class, it takes way too much time in addition to completing homework assignments and finishing the reading material.	
make the questions more challenging.  I never read the book once and was able to guess the answers on about 95% of the questions.  More fill in the blank questions as well. 	
The learn smart thing in my opinion is a waste of time that ask pointless questions that doesnt cover all the material in the book... would look to other options if learnsmart was mandatory
terminology can be deceiving... 	
The score rankings are an entertaining feature.	
Vai pra pu que pa!
Would like actual page numbers from the book to look up missed answers.	
vou arrastar a cara dela no as falto
Overall great learning tool! There have been some questionable answers, though, where I thought the answer proposed by connect was incorrect. I've challenged those questions, but have not heard back, so I don't know if I was wrong or not.	
Great practice.	
It's cool that I can see how good im scoring	
i love this program it is very helpful, haven't  had any problems with it	
I would say that 40 questions is way too much. With 20 questions would do it to cover the entire material. I like it...it has helped me a lot on understanding this chapter...I hope the rest learn smart for each chapter is as helpful as this one.	
Funciona no meu computador
more leinancy for the use of s on words and not counting them wrong for the word being plural.	
I hope this works this time! 	
non Chloé 
LearnSmart is a good companion to my Geology 101 class. 	
Very good use of repetition to create a more in depth memorization for me to retain more information.	
THIS  IS  A  VERY  POSITIVE  REINFORCEMENT  TO  THE  COURSE  MATERIAL  IN  THE  CLASS  ROOM.	
these are much to long for me to comprehend anything that i go over, and why the heck dont i move on after i finish a problemm, wrong or right!!!
Unfortunately the Textbook does not directly line up with many of the topics on Connect and on LearnSmart. Many of the terms are not clearly noted in the text and the headings as to systems etc are not clearly done in the text. I'm not impressed with the layout and am quite disappointed.
Acho eles bem viados, principalmente aquele Maicou cabelo de fogo
Suave?
A garra do macaco fede.
So so many typos and grammatical errors.  Someone needs to proofread this stuff.	
I am only doing this for credit. I probably can't give a good analysis because I am already familiar with the material
More difficult if you don't read the whole chapter first	
Many spelling errors, and mistakes in the slides.	
The notes are not very helpful to me i have to use the book.	
The questions need to be more difficult. They don't nearly match the difficulty level of the homework questions that I do on this site. 	
This is a geat use of time. Seems very effective and efficient.	
Some of the questions can be difficult becuase the book does not specifically define the answers at all times.  Reviewing notes is next to unnecessary, most of the answers come from experience and prior accounting classes.	
I think this program needs serious revision. My overall experience has been very negative. I'm all for productive, helpful, and challanging internet homework, but this did not provide any of that. Bases like Sapling provide a much better learning environment.
Vou explicar quando você for mais velho!
The questions can be confusing because they arn't written as clearly as they should be, thus leading you to an anwser that is close/similar, but not the correct anwser.	
it provides a different and better way for me to study the chapter, enforcing things i may have skipped over while reading.	
Too many compulsory	
não sei, talvez isso funcione
Eu chupo pau duro e enfio no meu cu
I hate that I have to select how well I might know the answer to a question before answering.	
It's a tad time consuming...	
fuck you	
It just test a lot which is not helpful for preparing statement
This way of studying requires too much of my time, leaving me with no choice but to forego the actual reading of the textbook. It is tedious and time consuming and I fear that I will not reap benefits from it.
The wording in most of these questions is tricky and confusing. Finding the right answer in some cases is extremely tough.	
This is a great tool.  I think it could be made even better if there was an option to combine chapters in order to study for midterm exams or finals.  This way there would be random questions from all sections thrown at you for you to review.	
Good way to study for the test in my class. I wish that his tests were based off of learnsmarts material though. I feel that we could better prepare this way. It is hard to know what to expect.	
sometimes i wish all of the questions, not just the ones i got wrong, would provide a brief reasoning behind why the answer is correct. just as a means of further reinforcement.	
it is very hard to sometimes understand what the questions are asking. It is also very hard to understand the way your software works and has been hurting my grade in the class. regardless of what my grade is showing here I understand the material when reviewing it and reading it on my own then using this module. 
certo, já chega de ppiadas gordas para esta semana.
this is horrible and the time left is no where near correct.
deixa pra lá... saca só vou te deixar caídinho: Gosto de claro n man, sabe... sou um cara gótico de baixo alto estima q se corta, q tem aparência coreana e q as fãs de bts sonham em transar
Sim  ou não 
Please take out the YES! button after a question and replace it with the rating system so we don't have to click so many things to rate them. Also, please program a way to navigate/answer with the keyboard!	
i hate the select 3, or 2 or 4 questions. also hate the math questions	
I nreally think this program is very very helpful. I am glad it is hard..it makes it challenging and I remember the content better	
questions do not match with text completely	
2) The color scheme is not as drab as Connect.
LearnSmart enriches my learning. I like it way more than simply answering online quizes because it remembers the questions I answered incorrectly so that I can get more help in that section.	
Some of the material that is presented during these quizzes was not presented in the book, so that is semi-difficult, but I do enjoy the format it is presented in. 	
I feel like it's a great study guide	
needs more practical questions i.e. calculations	
fodasse vou gozar e dormir
Takes up way to much of my time that I could be (and need to be) using for other work and other classes. The only thing this program has done for me is frustrate me and waste my time.
The wording of some of the questions are not similar to what is in the text. I feel that the wording is what is confusing at times. 	
After seeing some questions, I don't feel very confident because I know what to expect when the test comes.	
I greatly appreciate LearnSmart, as it is quite helpful for helping me learn the information I need to know.	
The time limit causes me to read at a rate that would best be described as frantic in order to cover as much meterial as possible. I believe this forces me to lose some potential knowledge. Still, helpful all in all. 	
calado zé gotinha da petrobras
There are too many questions..
This is a waste of time for me, personally, because I am taking this class as a refresher. These stupid modules actually costed me an A in the class.
I'm tired...
Misc. Conserta
Acho que algo pode estar errado com o pai.
alguém continua apagando minhas alterações.
A few questions have mispellings and very inclear reaons as to whether near correct answers are graded as correct or otherwise, and why they aren't counted if they aren't.
keep the questions to the chapter they are in. Don't assume we read ahead. Also, its a pre test...are we supposed to read the chapter before we take it??	
Clr faz bem para vc
These whole thing is a large waste of my time I do it because I have to. The questions are often poorly worded, I find myself spending time trying to figure the program out inorder to finsh it, then I have to study the chapter.
derpherp
I wish the questions would go in order with the book. I spend a majority of my time looking for the answer.	
I think it may just take a little getting used to on how to anwser the questions.  This is my first time using this program but so far I think it will be helpful to me	
I think that the only reason I am spending too much time in LearnSmart is because I didn't know that this tool was here WHILE I was studying this material and so I am here at my professor's demand to back-track through four chapters.  It's frustrating, but I see the value of this tool is quite apparent, and I plan to use it for the balance of the semester.	
See my challenge question comments for further details.      	
DO NOT LIKE THE FILL IN THE BLANKS! THIS TAKES TO MUCH TIME THAT I COULD BE USING TO STUDY FOR THE BIOLOGY TEST ITSELF!
it is really good to my knowledge.	
We aren't required to learn everything that this particular module goes over in the class I am taking 	
Good experience so far!	
Searnsmart does not help me. It just takes up my time I could actually be studying for my test.
Primeiro sangue
before starting learn smart i have thoroughly read through, highlighted, and taken notes of the chapter	
infelizmente meu criador ja esta morto, basta reparar que ele sempre fala as mesmas frases
calada loli
This has definitely encouraged me to study harder. Concepts that I thought I knew I had difficulties in.	
Tanto faz.
too many fill in the blank questions. need more multiple choice questions	
I love how it tells you what pages to review and allows you to re-take question you previously missed.	
Too many questions 
em 2001
some of the questions with multiple answners are too small. It would help if you made  them bigger.	
regras amiga,posso te dizer que sou sou do sexo feminino 
In today's society critical thinking is needed; therefore, more questions that help stimulate critical thinking would be greatly appreciated.	
it would be good to allow students to skip a question and return to it later.  sometimes too much times is spent on trying to find one answer.  then you get it wrong.  as the student answers other questoins stumbles over previously searched answers, but have to wait fot the question (they previously got wrong) to come up again.  and the cycle repeats.  allow to skip answers would be helpful and less time consuming.  thank you	
I feel like the learnsmart is not helping me UNDERSTAND the material but mostlty teaching me how to MEMORIZE the material. I feel like when learning about any subject it is easier to relate to it when you can interpret into your daily life.
On some occasions I don't understand what the question is asking.  I think some (very few) questions are somewhat ambiguous	
I would rather just read teh material and do shorter assignments... this way I have no time to read the assignment and just guess answers until I get them all right.  No learning is involved in this process.
Too hard of Questions 
Maybe offering a way to remember a certain term or explanation when a question is wrong instead of just going to the page in the book would help even more.	
A lot of the questions are not tied to the reading. It is aggravating!!!	
I would really like to know if the questions cover all in the descriptions of my course tutor	
Some of the fill in the blank questions are too specific in their requirements of an answer, if at all possible allow look for correct spelling of said answer instead of capitalization. 	
I wish I had known ahead of time that this involved something like 200 questions, I would have set more time aside ot complete this. It has not been a waste of time, I definitely benefited, but it was still an unexpected number of questions. 	
This is my first try with this product (as well as the first time with any online learning) and I find it to be very useful, with clear instructions. I haven't figured out how to go back to the previous question though. The ones I know, I really know and they seem very easy. For some of the fill in the blank ones, I had no clue what the context was to choose a word. Why didn't it accept exams in lieu of examinations? What's the difference between consent and informed consent?	
corta a unha pedro porra
The material in this modual is just difficult enough to make you think, but not difficult enough to make you want to give up. Also, the time aspect of this is great. It only takes me about an hour to finish a modual. This  is definitly a great study resource! 	
gente n e indireta nem nada mais tem gente que se vitimiza no gp
rs 😳
I'm just smart
I dont mind having the questions I missed again- its helping me study without my notes.	
i want more options....such as being able to turn off multiple choice. also want a verbal section that i can listen to and comprehend since we often have verbal tests in class. i also want more vocabulary...there seems a limited supply compared to what the book has per section. 	
Some of the questions are a bit more vague than the ideal for me. Also, it is hard to select your confidence level when it asks a question, such as order these foods in terms of something, but does not provide the actual answers to see if you know them.	
This is so annoying. I had to pay $95 for this... Thanks for making me starve this semester!
some of the fill-in-blank should have a reference number to what section in the book or something similar because it's sometimes very ambiguous.	
I think Learnsmart takes up way too much time and a different studying method would be more productive,
MAKE THE FONT ON SOME PROBLEMS LARGER.
These shouldn't have been difficult because I'm in advanced Spanish courses. But a lot of the answers were es.
Lembre-se de lavar as mãos!
I find that learning a language requires one to write it by hand. Online/computer learning is not condusive to my learning style and no variation is made within this program to compensate. I find this program arbitrary, frustrating, and trivial; pretty much a tool contemporary language teachers use so they don't have to teach in class or grade assignments. In short, I find this program to be another way to cater to the laziness that saturates our educational programs. 
Some questions need to be more clearly written instead of only eluding to a principle.  Clear and concise statement would help improve understanding. 	
Learnsmart DOES NOT teach students well, we need to know where and why we made a mistake, not just a right or wrong answer!! So far Learnsmart is a waste of my time!!
se acha a dona da razão mais não é porra nenhuma 
I really like this method of learning	
Você também é legal
I would love to see an app in the Android market that I can download for learning and reviewing on the go!	
arrgghh ... maldita seja essa coisa por não funcionar.
Alimentação. Vocês. Coisa. Não há tempo.
The time spent is inaccurate as I am multitasking and distracted	
hentai obviamente
I'm slightly comfortable with using the verb ser however I still have a lot of trouble with spelling and telling the times and writing them out.	
Note: difficulty depends if student has spends sufficient time with material beforehand as well, and whether he or she has retained it.  For this particular published work, LearnSmart covers less grammar in their grammar modules than expected, focusing on 1-2 concepts in the chapter instead of all of them, for example.	
I hope you all die in a burning bus.
The Estimated Time for doing modules is no where near how long it takes to finish these. Those times seem to be assuming that you really know the awnser to EVERY single question.	
If I wanted to take an online class I would have. 
claro sua gostosa da buceta grande
I think the questions should be more specific and hold more multiple choice answers to help us view our answers better so we can atleast be like oh it was expense not some random word that has nothibg to do with it.
Dizer que algo é tão 2000 e qualquer coisa é tão 2009, seu idiota!
Conserto rápido.
i might as well be taking an online course considering the fact I am basically teaching myself everything. there is no point to take classes on campus if all the work and study material is online and the teacher is just there to lecture about the same stuff they post online, and baby sit students in class. trying to take a course that is half online and half in the classroom makes taking credits almost impossible to keep up with all the work
praga
it errors sometimes and for one module says my homework is  past due, but at 100% completion. this makes no sense and caused me to get a zero grade for the assignment.	
chapter 3 is just confussing when your just reading it	
Good tool and resource for learning.	
Your questions are too specific! Questions related to percentages like what percentage of parents spank their children are too hard to remember especially when you put so many questions like these! The only reason I do the questions is because they are good extra credit in my class. No offense but the book itself is not good. This class is ruining my 4.0 GPA!
This is not useful for my learning at all. 
This is a great software to help prepare myself for tests and just to be able to learn the content more efficiently.	
Your questions often have no bearing on the material in the ebook
I wish you where able to scan past questions.	
Fala desgraça
Its great for improving Chemistry	
This takes alot of time, and answers are not straight forward.
i wish you could go back and print everything off that you already answered as you comlete each assessment	
some of the questions are difficult to understand	
Eu tomei merda
this is highly in effective and it cuts into time that I could be using to study and learn the things that I know will be on my exam
fxo! Chama o bombeiro lá
The material is spot on with the book.  In other courses I've encountered inconsistent information between the hard copy and on-line content.
tens de falar dela
I dont do well with this way of learning.
It will be fair, if the questions in quizes and test will be as simple as the study guide. I believe that the questions for the quizes and test are extremely difficult compare with the time given to answer the questions.	
i hate fill in the blank	
xiu passou do ponto essa carne ai? mais de 200 fucking pessoas no grupo e vc vem falar logo comigo porra?
Does not feel this is college level, feels elementary. A waste of time. 
more multiple questions instead of fill in the blanks, people are seeming to get more tired of finding how to spell it correctly then just clicking the answer so they usually sign off  and dont get back on because of it	
Most of the questions I have gotten wrong are because they are too vague or have nothing to do with the chapter and its really frustrating. i do not like Learn Smart very much :((((
However, I did not purchase the book & I am answering questions while going over my lecture notes and the teacher's power point presentations. I couldn't afford to buy the text but I try to read chapters from the library copy when possible. I'm considering to buy the book or look if I can upgrade this membership because it doesn't seem likely that I will score an A in the class w/out access to it(beyond the limited availability at library). So far I have a B average but thats merely the first exam grade...now the material is progressively more complicated & my old bio book from 2005 is way outdated.	
visuals!!!!!	
Sometimes the answer is shown as incorrect due to how you type it even though your answer was correct.	
I hate this, I learn nothing, it confusing and hard to follow.
Get rid of it
i think it's a good program	
Some of the questions are fill in the blank and I feel like they aren't specific enough to get the right answer. They can be too open ended for a simple one word fill in the blank.	
I found myself accidentally clicking some incorrect responses. Whoops.	
I think learn smart is a great way of study	
I feel that the learn smart is helpful, however it is assigned before the chapter is read, so then it makes it hard to understand and process what is correct before actually getting to read the chapter. 	
I am having some difficulty understanding how to use some of the features.  More training or more clear training is needed.	
fds mn fds
meu perfume vc quer mas vc ñ leva jeito pra ter sucesso tem que fazer direito
I love this program :)	
some of the questions are vague. 	
a waste of time makes teacher instructing pointless
Confirmação final, pronta para marcação
nao
Some of the fill in the blank is difficult to know exactly what word they are looking for.  Similuar words are marked wrong.
Vai se fod!
[Insira sua mensagem de confirmação aqui. Certifique-se de torná-lo descritivo.]
great study tool if used frequently.	
get rid of learnsmart. it's terrible. instead of studing, i have to devote 10 hours to clicking probably and squinting at my laptop screen.
I feel like the questions asked in the Learn Smart are unfair I not know anyone that can read a chapter 29 pages long and remember every page WORD FOR WORD. I do not like learn smart at all.
This is a really useful program, and has helped me learn the material effectively! I really like that they are a variety of ways to answer questions!	
This is the WORST learning tool I have ever used in all my years of learning
i hate how it asks you if you know the answer a real waste of time
Ela é gata demais
I like when I am given the options. If I am hung up on a question I click just guessing but when I see the answers I automatically know it.	
Having to look at a question twice to determine if I know the answer and then again to answer the question is very inconvenient and a waste of valuable time.  This does not help me learn.
It would be better if the questions were in order of the text.	
I have had problems  with chapter 9 . it says that is not available now ,and the due date is sep 23 . I think I am going to loose some points , please fix ittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt...
Que pena que beber uísque não é um trabalho remunerado ou o pai de Kenny seria um milionário!
Girando o hamster ...
this is ridiculously hard and time consuming	
If you mispell a word does that count against you?  I did not use this study technique as much as I had hoped to but going forward, I will use it more.  I like the way it asks you the same question in several different ways.  I find that when studying, if you see something in only one format it will throw you off if you see again in a different way.  This is a great program!!!  Worth every penny!!!	
very annoying to ask the question twice and very time consuming on top of homework and pre quizes.
Is there a way to apuse the session. I felt that I did not use 46 minutes to complete the assignment. I had to answer calls and use the restroom.	
Some of the questions are worded strangely. It is frustrating and annoying to be asked questions over and over at the end of a module when you continually get them wrong. LearnSmart should take into account the deadline for the module and that people sometimes will get questions wrong over and over when they feel rushed and their sympathetic nervous system has been activated.	
blz
there should room for more than a single one word answer on the write-in questions. Many things I felt were very close or near synonyms for the answers provided were marked as incorrect.	
overall it is a great learning tool, just very time consuming.  	
Covers quite a bit of material and is very time consuming.  I am learning.	
Some of the questions and answers should be worded differently because sometimes more than one answer is right for the question	
its hard
LearnSmart is my savior
Thankyou	
Concluído sem bugs ...
There was waaayyy too much of the same question just restated. It got annoying	
some of the answers are have the same meanings..I had one on here I ran into that connecthad an answer  genetic characteristics or natural traits which are the same thing. Otherwise, this program is a great learning tool 	
oq vc aprecia no james, fala coisas boas sobre ele
Great way to study for my exams!	
LearnSmart is very helpful.It allows me to more improve my homework also quizzes.	
Half of the questions in this learnsmart weren't addressed in the book, this is crap.
I just know this material from work	
Learn Smart is a great tool. I enjoy using learnsmart to educate myself.	
It would help me out if the questions were like all of our test. I think the questions need to be multiply choice.	
o mesmo que você
I would love to see more frequently repeated questions. I learn well through extensive repetition.	
I like it, I need to study more	
Duda ? Uma Lindona ae! 
This assignment #1 was very helpful with my comprehension to chapter 1. thank you	
Workng great!! I think it is a great learning tool, and it helps make studying a lot easier.	
I don't care for the points system, the answer should be right or wrong. I also don't like the leaderboard on the side for my section. It makes it feel like it is a competition, and the people who don't do as good as others will only be hurt by seeing how bad they did.	
The standings box, while not affecting the grade, is very angering when questions are missed.	
Tô indo gostoso
I'm happy my teacher is using this program. It really helps with studying for exams and helping retain the knowledge.	
I really like LearnSmart. I think it will help do well in this class and learn the material even better.	
make marijuana legal	
Avogadro's has an apostrophe in it. and this program marked it wrong.	
An open letter to the creator of this program: Everyone who has ever loved you is wrong.
I like the LearnSmart as a learning tool.  I have used it before to study for exams without being assigned.  
its to hard
ei, olhe ali!
Maybe it would be convenient to start the questions with multiple choices, and at the end the ones that requiere filling the blanks, because these are more difficult	
The only thing that causes me some trouble is the fill-in-the-blank, just because you could possibly have two answers that are so close it's hard to decide do to the wording of said question.	
Thank you!	
i love using it, it is very helpful with my course of study.	
Linda, maravilhosa, o Amauri tem muita sorte na vida!
Some of the answers are so similiar that it tricks you and you choose the wrong answer. 
I like how it is not completely strict on spelling but I have challenged two questions that I had wrong but I had them right just not spelled right/right form!  I put Eric Erickson on a question that asked for his name but I spelled it wrong and included his first name is an example of them.	
It's a great way to find out what you know and what you don't.   Therefore, you know what material you need to spend more time on.	
I do not enjoy this method of studying and I do not find it helpful one bit.
maconha e muito bom
I wish the questions would follow along with the book. I have to spend too much time flipping throuhgh the pages and I sometimes have to go back to other chapters.	
This shit helps	
This is a great way to learn, but I still need to make note cards to remember the terms.	
Teu cu
Maybe a reference to a specific page in the text for all questions?  Some answers I don't remember reading in the text, and it would be nice to be able to find these. 	
5$ regado 
LearnSmart is not at all helpful in learning information. I just look the answers up in the book and type them in the boxes. I don't learn anything. I'm regurgitating information. The amount of information required to complete this online assignment is greater than the amount of information given in class and required on the exam. Thus, I'm not compelled to memorize material required for the online assignment. Iâ€™m a student, I donâ€™t have time. Instead I'm going to study my notes from class, the power points provided, and attend supplemental instruction. Because of these actions, I will receive an A in this class despite the amount of time I have wasted fulfilling the online requirement. Online assignments connected to the textbook are a scam. You convince professors that they're helpful to learning but, in reality, the real purpose is to force students to purchase books from McGraw Hill every semester. Whatâ€™s worse, if a student purchased a used book (thus generating no income for McGraw Hill) they have to purchase a ridiculously high priced passcode. This isnâ€™t about learning, itâ€™s about money. The students pay the price both financially and academically.
this program is very helpful, do to work and school this program is helping me. It might be alot of questions but nothing good comes easy. 	
Very specific questions concerning more of the language instead of the content can be frustrating.	
faz de novo
Mimi la ptite souris mimi la ptite souris bhoou bhoou bhoooooou
In previous classes that I have used the LearnSmart module, the points given for a correct answer are equal to the points taken away for a incorrect answer. In this module, points given for a correct answer are 75; whereas, points taken away for a wrong answer are 200. One wrong question is equal to nearly 3 right questions; which is a very unfair balance on the students' part.	
It is hard to learn how exactly to do things because there are so many ways things can get changed and makes it hard to keep up. i also dont like how if you get one part wrong out of the whole 7 parts you lose the maximum amounts of points. dont like it and i wish i didnthave to learn this way
i dislike how easy it is to click the wrong answer by mistake	
i wish i had more time to complete	
This is the absolute worst online program I have every used. You need to make this a lot more brief. Spending this much time on a pre-exercise is absolutely ridiculous and I will never reccomend this for future classes and make sure that my school and other schools does not use your program in the future. Whoever spent their time designing this awful software does not deserve to be working. I have loved every aspect of accounting until this, and this is making reevaulte my decision to study accounting. 
too many repeat questions	
I find E-learning effective and fun.	
It would make the experience more convenient if you could enable enter capability for submitting an answer (rather than having to click submit each time). Thanks!	
This is a better study guide than the actual homework assignments, because it is faster and it's the way I learn! 	
I dont feel that this is helping my ability to learn the necessary information for the course. 
ih deu azar digita dnv 
Everything is beautiful and nothing hurts.	
your quiz only INCREAS TEACHERS UNETHICAL BEHAVIOR this resource is for ONLINE CLASSES NOT FOR A GROUND CLASS WITH A LAZY TEACHER BECAUSE YOUR SYSTEM SUCKS, YOU SHOULDN'T PROVIDE SCHOOLS WITH THIS OPTION UNLESS YOU OFFER ONLINE NO INSTRUCTOR LESSONS
Overall this is a very helpful program. I would suggest this to other students	
Too many repeats
Open answer questions are intimidating, and marking off for spelling is frustrating (I shouldn't be spending time on spelling, my time should be about understanding the main idea).	
I APPRECIATE LEARNSMART VERY MUCH!	
it has let me know how much i need to study my basic chemestry so that i can move onto harder material	
The learn smart modules have been an excellent tool for learning the material.  They allow users to solidify the fundamental principles and individual concepts before attempting comprehensive problems.	
i like the whole program and how the homework and overall work is... only thing i hate is the answering how the book has different answers than the online	
Best sys I have ever used ^_^	
não se ilude
Learn Smart is great way for me to study. I thought I knew everything there is to know about spanish, but once I started I couldn't believe how much I have forgotten.	
learnsmart is stupid
algumas mudanças breves
Não sei como posso te ajudar
Some of the questions are wordy and confusing.  I can think of two that had one or two answers that would fit.	
I prefer this over traditional study methods.	
LearningSmart is very helpful.	
Thanks for this awesome opportunity to learn the material for my class!! Thanks professor!!	
eu não quero parar de existir caso lucas morra...
Grammar needs to be checked when making questions. Some take a second read to figure out what the question is.	
oiii
it has been too long since I last took chemistry. I need things to be very basic and just a side note, I need the book to break things down a lot too. I like chemistry all those years ago but it went slower and the teacher covered things very well before moving on. These modules I feel might be somewhat ok if I had a better understand of all the material. Perhaps if school was my only focus all day, I would be in a better place, but that is not the case. I would also like in the exercises to be more helpful. When I click on the hint button, I need more than the obvious.
More multiple choice instead of all of these matching questions would be nice, those take forever 	
LearnSmart has been the perfect study tool for this class.	
These is stupid, I cannot afford to put in three hours of learn smart in everyday. These questions are too closely worded and allow no room for mistake. This assignment has made me more frusterated than educated.... 
I take notesbut , the questions come from  very specific  degrees. Also , I need  to really  practice using LearnSmart because , I've never experienced anything like this before.	
The problems are worded strangly.
When you use the just guessing button even if you get the answer correct it should be reviewed again. 	
Poorly worded questions, incorrect information between the textbook and the online component and information too difficult and minute. These questions should be addressing larger, more important questions
Great program just fix your multiple choice letters and numbers mess.	
De verdade, desta vez.
Great tool for learning	
qual pergunta 
Some of these questions arnt even covered in my class. I realy dislike using this syatem if it was mor relevant then I would like it more. Plus I just get credit for compleationg it. a waste of 80 bucks if you ask me.
Para o bem da minha sanidade, apenas ignore isso ...
too many problems for one sitting	
i dont like this method, and i feel like i m just momentarily maintaining information.
This is a terrible program and should not be used.
they suck
Too much words to read in between statements with similar terms
dont like this
When the answer is incorrect, it would be helpful for the page number, section or paragraph to be given so that the student can return to those pages in particular to review	
i like this studying method	
nao,ele sente sua fala sua louca,vai atrás dele,ele ta te esperando
This is a very helpful tool that helps me absorb the material.	
need more sanario questions	
takes to much time	
Good stuff.... now if you could only get it line up with what my professor is looking for....
Add the option to skip questions! Quite a fer questions that I don't need to know, and I have to learn them anyway just to continue the module... a little frustrating =(	
learn smart is much more helpfu when you do a small amount each day as opposed to the day before it's due, because the content just becomes way too much at that point	
Superior to traditional pen and paper study methods.	
o glub glub?
quero a conta do pai dele, se eu não me engano é Mendes, sei tudo sobre a família imunda lá de macau
I enjoyed this program	
Muito legal 
o pedro
why so serious?
I will be spending more time with Learn Smart	
I do not feel that LearnSmart is an adequate tool for personally. The software for me is a redundant, tedious and is not a very useful tool for learning at all. I have been using other text and youtube lectures to complement my professors lectures.  
aí para você me deixa com vergonha gostoso. claro que eu vou chupar seu pau gostosão
vai se fuder mano
Even though I have answered particular questions correctly, they keep being repeated. I would like to be covering more material. The question in particular that keeps coming up concerns the labeling of the vertebral column. 	
I like this.	
I like LearnSmart because it forces me to sit down and study to complete a module and it is helping me gain better study habits. However, I do not feel like I can get away with taking (and passing) the test without studying even more on my own first.	
Can't find a reference to how human activies on earth could affect other planets	
Too strict on spelling. Some questions are poorly worded.
this is stupid
This module is the first time that the questions line up with the textbook AT ALL, but still only 75%. Many of the questions are not covered in the text OR in the PowerPoint.           I do not like LearnSmart.
the questions are sometimes worded in a confusing way. I feel that I would learn more if the module was right to the point, instead of making you really think and turn back to your book.	
Good system, I like the Standings for your section because it gives me motivation to see my ranking improve! 	
add
The question about pairing strategic, intergenerational, structural with the appropriate description was difficult for me and when it took me to the ebook, there was nothing about it on that page.	
I have to be honest but some of the questions I can't find the answer to in the book	
I like learnsmart because when you get a question wrong, you get another chance at it later. It really helps me learn the material. Best online system I've used	
I wish fewer of the questions would have multiple answers	
well done love the website	
Learnsmart is an underestimated learning tool.	
this is was too time consuming
Some questions could be worded better.	
Some of the questions are worded very oddly making the answer hard to pin down.
QE?
one of your answers is wrong rebound effect and reboud effect	
if you get a question right I don't see a need for you to have to answer it again. 	
- Compromisso temporário.
This is just not an effective way for me to learn material. The assignment is too long. 
check a few of the questions as far as grammar goes, and some answers need to be incorporated as correct answers for a few questions, otherwise a good program in my opinion.	
Biology 103 is a struggle for me personally and if I had had the misfortune to have found myself in biology my first semester in college( after a long absence from school) it would have been my last; but thanks to good instructors and good learning tools , I hope to have a decent grade when I finish this class.	
I don't like the fact that we have homework before our teacher actually teaches us this material. It puts more of a strain on me as a student and it really doesn't do me any good
The program stopped giving me points towards my responses, can't figure out why.	
ain ain vo casa com xing xong xang 😳😳😳
I could have read the chapter moer thoroughly to better prepare myself.	
Aqui estão dragões
DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN
The amount of correct answers is proportional to the quality of studying. 	
Good material	
N sei só Deus sabe
Not helpful as a study tool because material completed cannot be seen completely later on to use as a review tool or study guide
Thanks for the help.	
i can't find this in the book and it makes me mad.
Too many items due on the same day, but maybe thats an issue with my professor and not LearnSmart. Or maybe Im just not use to taking this long on homework.	
The difficulty of the questions are what they should be and the amount of questions is 15% too much.	
Fill in the blank questions are sometimes not relevant.
I do really love the program.  It is saving me the time of having to make flash cards myself.  Because I would be making flash cards; however I just am not getting the material to stick.  Even after the learnsmart and the quizes, i still strugle.  It does a good job though and I truely like it.	
Esta é uma implementação básica que funciona.
wish i could see the answers on quizes so i could waht wrong ones and find the correct answer	
comentou testes de reprovação
i like learnsmart and would use it more if it was available.	
woo learnsmart!	
da uma sugada aqui na minha rola 👺
these are bullshit questions with multiple right answers
Quero sangue
E você, quem é? Quantas pessoas sabem da sua existência, eu já fui baixado mais de 2.000.000 de vezes no último ano, e você? Quem é?
taking foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. I obviously dont read the chapter before doing this. I think students will either do this or read the book. There is too much going on in life to be responsible for doing both. at least thats what i think	
questions were challenging but provided a good basis of learning	
Ive said this before. There are way too many fill in the blank type in questions. The answers are so vague that they are impossible for anyone to answer 	
Wesh
Great study tool for exams	
this has nothing to do with the class i am taking. teachers do not give tests based off the books, only based off the information the books teach. if this wasnt so specific to the book it might work better.
Some questions are formed as though they are expecting multiple answers when they are only asking for one answer. 	
Wonderful way to do homework!	
I cannot stand that there is no spell checker for accidentally misspelled words.	
this is incredibly boring and stupid
LearnSmart is a very good program to use	
Seeing these Q & A's after finishing to use as a study guide for this chapter.	
This is pointless. I do not think that this application is worth my  time and effort that I have to put in to complete this.
Although the questions are difficult, I would rather have them difficult than easy.  It is a way to push yourself to understand te material. 	
I  missed some questions because I mis-read the question/directions. 	
its time consuming , but a good program to help you study	
It would be great if the program would show me where in the book I could find the answer if I don't know it or are unsure.	
Helps, but time consuming.	
i think this is taking more time and less time to study i dont like learnsmart i have been working on this assignment for almost two hours and feel like i have learned nothing. 
Some of the questions have so much wording packed intothem that they appear extremely small on the screen. I cannot zoom in to view some of them. I have an 17 computer screen. 	
You system is full of software bugs and incomplete question forms not to mention that on the Mac platform running the Lion OSX it has a significant memory leak in which after about two and a half hours online the system begins to fail evenutally locking up the Mac and requiring a system reboot.
yay
some of the questions are worded weird but overall its good.	
I say fairly difficult because there are trick answers.	
This is a good tool to learning.	
I feel that I am learning the material a lot better with the LearnSmart program, but when I get in the classroom to take the test, I forget everything I learned	
dedo no cu
uma merda
eu te entendo
vai lavar louça krl
When I have to click if I think I know the answer, probably, maybe, etc--I am hesitant to answer yes if I am sure I know it because some questions aren't asked with blanks, multiple choice, arranging in order, etc...I don't know how I will answer the question so I haven't a clue what to expect.	
it was difficult in begging trying to get to the wed site. did alot of reading. most of what iread was not in the questions. i only coverd one chapter, chapter eleven. reviewed and saw that questions ran through chapter 2. when i was assighned to do ch eleven. fairly helpfull but have much to learn. and i am sadisfied.
vai se fuder jota
Tanto faz desde q vc sauba transar
Upon completion of learn smart for homework, students should have the option to discard cards while studying for tests, or put them in a review pile for later	
I fucking hate learnsmart.	
Tatakae!! Tatakae!!! >:v
It would be helpful if the page number would be listed on each question. This would allow me to refer back to the text if I want to read more. 	
The material on this module has nothing to do with the work we are covering in class.
Sua mãe amor ...
a aaa sai dessa so tem 10 centímetros 
Many questions provide poor context for the form of the answer. Grammarically speaking, the fill in the blank answers often won't make sense and confuse the student.	
This is stupid.
I wish that this had more relevance to the actual test.  This is a just another way to make more money from students.
Also, the questions on the exams are sometimes not representative of the material covered on the practice module, which makes it dificult to be prepared.
When I first starting using this system in August/ September I really didn't like it but now it has been pretty helpful. Although the questions I get on the study section have next to nothing to do with the quiz. The quiz uses more of a example approach whereas the study section gives direct questions from the book.	
our teachers challenges us with question that have little to do with this lessons. i dont learn much from this. 
I understand everything for the most part but there are some questions that I do not understand do to the wording of some of the questions. 	
I am learning at my own rate and that is how I learn best!	
1.) Please incorporate more audio questions (if possible) and less matching questions.
eu sou bandida ein!!! eu te corto!!!!!
I think this is a fantastic program to the as a supplement to our class lectures. A video recording explainging certain basic concepts would not be remiss if they were available!	
its a portuguese word
The questions in this module are pretty good, they repeat but with different wording which is good to use repitition to help learn something.	
good job learn smart	
I Loved that LearnSmarts made me redue the questions I did wrong till I got them right. Helped me remember why the answer was what it was	
this is awesome!!!	
This material doesn't relate to my classwork, so i find it pointless and a waste of time to even look at it. The questions are easy enough for a 1st grader to answer most of the itme. Professor Shulman, please do not ever use these again. 
short answer are difficult along with occasional wording on the quesions	
Please give me my points	
i like the repitition and rewording of questions. it ensures that information is learned and questions arent just memorized	
I like the variety, and that the program keeps track of my weaknesses.  You could offer an even more challenging module after the regular one has been passed.	
use less fill in the blank. They are a pain in the but when it comes to synonyms	
Please be a little more forgiving with synonyms	
Oh não, eu sou o japonês e tive um dia ruim. Acho que vou me matar!
loved the exercise
I like how it tells you what the right answer is when you get it wrong-- it seriously helps. Also the fact that you can get a second chance at most of the incorrect answers is neat. The fact that you input how capable you are at knowing the answers is also encouraging. 	
Fill-in-the-blank is best.	
DO NOT like learnsmart at all!!
Alugar DVDs é mais antigo do que os seios de Madonna!
be more specific in what answer you want	
these session needd to be shorter	
I really like this tool for BIO	
a sua aquela prostituta
too many question ..it should be good with 50 or so	
more visual questions, and match questions, and mulitple choice questions would be more benneficial for me in particular because my in class tests are multiple choice and most of my questions in this model have been fill in the blank.	
A list of the actual questions o printout would be nice	
connect spanish is garbage
The reason it took me so long was because I started the homework before one of my classes thinking I would finish it beforehand but was unable to.  I read all of chapter 1 before completing this assignment but still found the material pretty difficult.  I understand the equations but when it comes time to put numbers in and figure out what that means I struggle to understand that.  Hopefully in class tomorrow I will understand it better!	
é grosso e grande
it's hard to come up with the right words when you have to fill in the blank, even if you know what is happening	
this is so stupid I'm not learning anything from this whatsoever
Very excellent material	
I dont like that I have to answer some of the same questions more than once, but over all very helpful program.	
Some questions Require Exact answers. That Does force us to look HARDER for the answer  That's Good
“Eu te amo. E nunca me imaginaria amando alguém com tanta intensidade, nem sabia que tinha tanta capacidade pra amar assim. Mas isso tudo por sua culpa. Ninguém além de você, saberia despertar isso em mim.”
sim sim
If it gave me free food, it'd be perfect.	
tá bom caga com amor!
coloque o código que funcionou onde o código que não costumava ser
It is an interesting way of learning. It can definitely prepare you for tests, quizzes, and even lectures. I've found that most of the questions are common sense or if you know alot about public speaking the questions are easy enough. 	
There are too many questions in meach module when coupled with the other modules assigned for each section and other classes using this program.
Questions are only slightly difficult because I read the chapter before attempting the questions. In the event that I do not remeber the answer to a question I know with about 99% confidence on where I can find the correct answer. 	
Test are more complicated , also need to synch app with online, mine will be late now I did it on my phone ontime but is not showing online, Thanks
its wayy to long got alot of other homework to do 
the questions are veig and cryptic, and the aswers are also to strict.... frankly this is a waste of my time
This really helps me.I love it.	
Give factual pop up details after each question has been answered.	
This is really helping me understand concepts that I was unsure about!!	
THIS ASSIGNMENT WAS DIFFICULT WITHOUT MY TEXTBOOK!	
I wish that the spelling was not so specific since generally it is a typo. Annoying	
Some of the fill in the blanks are a little diffiicult because it is sometimes hard to understand what it is looking for because of the wording.	
this is the refreshest information in my head from lecture that is why i'm breezing through this section versuses other sections i'd done today	
Good studying tool.	
WHY DO I LOSE SO MANY POINTS WHEN I ANSWER A yes WRONG!?	
Don't ask me to review the readings--getting stuff wrong and analyzing why I got it wrong is how I learn best. I appreciate the concern when I'm doing badly, but chances are I'm doing badly because I already did the reading and didn't understand a lick of it.	
I really enjoy using learn smart to study!  It's a great tool!	
i hate this it takes forever. un-necessary information
Safado
If the question is fill in the blank you should be able to know that before you choose  if you know the question or are just guessing.	
*respeite minha autoridade !!!
There should be an option to confirm if the student really meant to choose the answer before it tells you if it is right or wrong. I've gotten a couple wrong because I accidentally clicked the wrong one.	
Modelos de merda.
This does not help me at all, and is wasting my time that I could be using to study.
I think that having so many questions is a valuble waste of time and drains any possible interest I used to have in nutrition. I took the online version of the class because I didn't have time to go to school for another class. This has taken up far too much time every week with this class.
the teacher tells us information opposite of what some of these answers are saying and what we learn in class has absolutely nothing to do with the majority of the questions on here.
These homework assignments make homework more tollerable and less of a chore. 	
It helps me to review all of chapter's concepts and to memorize definitions of the terms.	
ajuste meu sistema digitando /comandos4
I hate learnsmart not worth money
Some questions are worded in a very confusing way.	
Overall pretty good. 	
It involves testing on the entire chapter, but sometimes there is a part of the textbook information that we don't have to study for our purposes. Even in this case, we have to go over it in order to complete the assignment.	
I think LearnSmart is a great and helpful tool to increase individuals learning.	
This module is way too time consuming to be taken seriously. 
It help me  studying for my test better.	
por favor pare de falar de sonegar imposto na internet e venha me foder oni-chaaan!!😭😭😭💞💞
It could just be me and computers, however, I found they way the questions were worded in the self study difficult. Maybe that's the point.
Some of the wording is misleading.	
magia, não tenho ideia, mas funciona
I think it's a good program to see if you understand the stuff well, but I would not use it to study off of it. More to see where I am at, before an exam. 
sua vadia vou enfiar meu pau no teu rabo e fazer vc gemer
Horrible software design.  Text and questions hardly relate.
Some of the fill in the blank ones are too word for word from the book for very non specific phrases. I could understand if you're asking for a word in the blank while giving the whole definition, but when you want someone to remember if a definition used the word without instead of not or other negative phrases, it's kind of ridiculous and unnecessary
I believe it would be valuable to provide a page reference for each question, whether or not you answer the question correctly.  	
I do need to study alot moreand get back into a good study habit after all these years.	
Its alittle hard to figure out what to study in the book because of how the questions are worded.	
sim! eu amo morango ❤
don't assume that the test taker knows the character names in the book. Describe the behavior and then ask the question	
I am finding the questions don't line up with the material in Chapter 2. It makes it difficult to provide the correct answers on the fill-in-the-blank questions.	
While these questions have helped me learn a lot of the material from the textbook I have found that it does not help improve my quiz grades. A lot of the time this information learned through this program is not what ends up on the quizes.	
LearnSmart has really help me study and learn material easer than it would be just reading from a textbook.	
Great program. I love that it focuses on your weaknesses. It brings answers back around in a new answer worded differently and gives you a chance to not only get another shot at the right answer, but to actually learn the material you were not confident about. 	
Not a fan of the fill in the blank questions as the wording can lead to multiple ways of saying the same thing which makes it more confusing.	
Connect is a real help.. 	
Thank you for incorporating this feature into the Connect experience!
these shouldnt be fill in the blank
should provide more labeling to pictures would help better with this instead of alot of questions.  Its is hard to find labeling with the pictures on the web, so that would be alot more help with the skeletal system....	
questions match nothing in the book or my notes from class.. its as if the questions have been made up out of the corner of somebodys mind so it throws you off when thinking about what was read because there is no connection for most of the questions being asked. Just ask questions that relate directly to what has been read instead of trying to reword things for what ever reason which makes it 10 x harder to figure out the answers because you are trying to understand they they have been worded the way that they have been worded which 9/10 make absolutely no sense. i wont be taking another class that uses this module its too time consuming and time is something that i have VERY little of 
I wish this system had been in place several semesters ago. I find it to be challenging, repetitive & a unique and effective way of learning the  material given. 	
Odiamos de quem nós odiamos
Help me greatly with my study skills.	
i like the learn smart learning modules...i just discovered how to use this...did not know it was available to me	
Português não é fácil pra ninguém
Some grammatical errors make this a bit confusing.	
80 questions are u kiddidng me??? i passed the test easier than i did this. go look at my grades i got 200% on one yet it is taking me hours to do this..... fail pure fail but ill continue because i already gave you my money 
Redundant
There should be more difficult questions with more critical thinking need	
This is an inefficient model of education. 
i dont think it should be as much fill in the blank questions 	
Sometimes I have written a similar answer that is techincally right but receives no points. I also wish we were told beforehand how many correct answers there are because it gets confusing. Most of all, I find it a waste of time to have to say how confident I am with my answers.	
terminou né
Sometimes the questions are very hard to remember when they are fill-in-the blank. I personally learn better with multiple choice questions first and then fill-in-the blank.	
like this alot	
provide explanation for each answer.	
Como sua mae sua vadia da Angela
Sometimes the concepts are not described exactly the same way in the book - and with accounting terms specifically, this means that an easy concept may become difficult just by the wording of the question.  It is just an observation.  I tend to know most of the concepts and how to apply them; I struggle sometimes with how they are defined using different terminology.	
meh. skool iz ez
breaking questions under headings will be a greater help, gives a person the opportunity to grasp material faster and more aggresively	
chupa minha rola 👍🏻
I don't like it.
Overall the multiple choice questions make sense. The fill in the blanks are mostly good ideas, but need to be double checked - sometimes due to the wording the desired answer is ambiguous.	
the questions are a little much for some sections. Although they are extremely helpful, I feel that it would be more helpful if the same amount of questions were broken down into 2 or 3 parts. Instead of 1 really long section. Then encourage the student to go back and review the section doing the set questions that are still available.	
Slightly difficult because sometimes you use a play on words as in evoked sets and retrieval set questions	
I am a slow test taker	
I think it is helpful that questions I have missed come back up later in the questions. It is a good chance to correct mistakes and learn from them. 	
The material contained within the LearnSmart program was not covered in Chapter 1 as it should have been.
Sometimes the questions seem ambigious, and I don't have the quite exact answer. Most of the material is right in the reading though.	
The flashcards for chemistry in biology is entirely too long!	
Very good program! My only suggestion is more math problems. I may have not gotten far enough in the class to encounter these though.	
Lidou com um erro específico.
Eu estava errado...
Question diffuclty varries greatly.	
denovo poha?,ta com alzheimer krlh??
I had a few freezes with the system which made it difficult to answer at times.	
Very good product.	
I find it really helpful that when you do submit a wrong answer LearnSmart will let you know what you did wrong such as when you type the wrong verb it will tell you what that verb means.	
XNAMEX me obrigou a fazer isso
Estuda muito para depois vc conseguir uma faculdade boa é um trabalho bom com viajem e amigos
i wish the more times I practiced that the material would get much harder. More diagrams!! Our teacher loves them.	
too sensitive to spelling errors.	
mis-spelling shouldnt create point deduction	
Place an Is that your final answer? Button. I have accidentally hit the wrong button hovering over choices.	
re-word some of your questions.	
Has a lot of practice material, which I like. Main criticism is that a couple of the vocab questions ask about words that weren't seen in the chapter.	
I wish that the Learn Smart questions only pertained to the chapter at hand, and not questions from other chapters that we haven't covered.  I also wish some of these questions were on the weekly quizzes.  I know you don't have anything to do with the questions on our quiz, that's all on my professor.  But I still wish they were more like our weely quizzes as it would make me feel better about using Learn Smart, and that I was gaining something from it other than just extra credit points.
Good studying mechanism	
I love the idea for this flash card program to help memorize and learn. The only problem is that it doesn't cover everything and the teacher tests on things that the module doesn't. Overall though, I find it highly helpful as I understand it is a tool to help remember what we learned, not to be the sole teacher. That's what the book is for.	
It is effective since its getting me to truely letting me know that I need to study more and pay attentino to detail	
It needs to be more clear and consistent with the course material
Learn Smart could be a good tool, but instead of study the material for 4 hours like I planned on, I struggled through these questions.  The picture questions require way too much time to get the order right.  Maybe a click and drag to the solution would be better.
tô ligando mas vc não atende
Quite a few of the questions are ambiguous. One question listed the same element listed twice, Iron and iron are examples of ... the answer should have been crappy question making.
Note that I've taught this so while I'm learning a few new details, I can't give truly accurate answers in this feedback form	
...
As with any learning, the more you put in to it, the more you'll get out of it. The material can't do it for you.	
have not been tested on any of this. did'nt learn any of this in class
Best study tool ever :)	
First time using LearnSmart. It seems as though it will help me learn the material.	
Eu tomei uma xícara de chá e agora está consertado
Professors that assign online homework are lazy and disrespectful. I'm glad I get to pay them just to turn around pay you so I can use a program that doesn't interact with me the way a person does. You should either achieve the impossible and build a person who can teach me so my professors don't have to, or STOP OFFERING YOUR SERVICES TO PROFESSORS. The professors using Connect, and others alike, don't care whether the students understand the material, and you must understand this. The collective that has been formed between you and lazy professors is just another way to make money while destroying education. Whoever reads this: please don't laugh and subject to any kind of bullying; instead, think about this and act on behalf of the students who are losing money and aren't learning. - Nolan Trevino (I guess you guys already have my name. Oh, well.)
This is a fun, easy way to be educated. It is not stressful, and creates an effective learning style.	
it's too easy to accidentally submit an answer before its complete. the submit box should be placed farther from the question.	
I learn better using this material rather than going to class, and I do not learn near as much from the teacher!	
Οπα!!!
sabe pq a mulher se veste de branco no casamento? pra combinar com a cor do fogão e geladeira
Good program, helps you to understand the concepts that you read about in the textbook.	
Great experience overall. 	
The questions are analytical of the reading, not taken directly from the reading. I am not an accounting guru yet.... I am not able to analyze the reading then answer questions that are skewed or out of context. I think it would take a student with perfect recall and a few years in the indusrty to do the exercise in a reasonable amount of time. As if 1 minute per quetion is reasonable...
VAMOS BUSCAR 
Sim, com toda certeza 
I really need to study and may need some additional help!
needs a little more notice for when a question is multiple choice. 	
This is a great way to solidify the concepts presented in this chapter but the questions I struggle with the most on exams are those involving synthesis. It would be nice to have some extra practice for those questions in this module.	
I think this is a ridiculous amount of questions. Also, the instructor said that we would not have to memorize the text, and LearnSmart requires almost direct memorization of the text. It has been helpful and showed me my problem areas, but there is WAY too much material covered especially on top of another connect homework assignment.	
There should be a way for the teacher to have access to the pool of questions in the modules. I like learnsmart, but it's not super heopful when our teacher makes test questions that were not covered in the learnsmart. That is more her fault then learnsmarts.	
You need to integrate a module for the teacher, so that they can implement what terms and sections they want covered.  Also let them write some questions so that the student gets a better feel for what's on the test.  Maybe I'm wrong and connect already has all these features, I wouldn't know because my professor is a dick.
erro de digitação
the fill-in-the-blanks are the most difficult because you sometimes cannot tell what answer they want	
I love using this program. It helps a lot in understanding the material better. 	
It is good!!!!!	
Learnsmart is very beneficial.  One thing - some of the fill-in-the-blank questions/phrases don't really say what they're asking for - they just have a blank where the adjective for the item needs to be typed.  It would be better to be more descriptive about the type of word that the questions is asking for.	
Some of the questions seemed to try to trick you into answering them wrong.
I read the chapter and it was very tedious to have to go back and find the answers. I cant remember everything I read. I end up memorizing which buttons to push, not which answers are right.
i love this ish :*)	
I love it	
Its rediculious to expect everyone to memorize every word in the chapter.  I hate this learn sparm module, it is the worst I have every used and any of the 63 hours I have taken in college.  I can not wait for this to be over.  I will not recommend this to any other student!!!!
i think its an effective way to learn, try try again until you understand the material and figure out yourself the answer so nobody tells you it so you can move on to the next one	
provide more explaination when a student had a wrong answer	
o nível de gay do fernando, é mais de 8 mil
Too long is my only complaint...I have a headache :( 	
It would be nice to be able to print off the questions and answers when i am done so I could use it as a study guide. I know I can go in and review, but i would like to print.	
Eae seu putoo
I like the break reminders.	
This is very beneficial in studying for exams. 	
THIS DOES NOT WORK!!!!!  It's memorization and even the spelling can add minutes to my already stretched time.
It is really helping me to enhance my notes and learn more by being quizzed on the matierial.	
Please get the e book to show in firefox ....... I can't have multiple browssers on my system for each class I'm enrolled in	
no comment	
University of Houston
a primeira coisa vc não pode discutire comigo
On the last exam, the information from the learn smart was not on the exam...well actually...some of it was, I was just studying from learn smart not knowing we needed to study other material..so it is a bit overwhelming to study so much, i prefer study guides...or just this learn smart if that is all that is on the exam
learnsmart is a terrible system.
its tought me alot	
I find the program very effectvie. Thank you!!!	
Doesn't seem to be a helpful way of learning material that is being taught too quickly
I love this tool for checking up on my general understanding and knowledge of content. It is not 100% thorough, but given the nature of the content, I don't think it can be.
Very good way to study.. found it very helpfull would use it in every class	
Questions are confusing when they cannot be refenced in the ebook. 
I have realized that there are many compartments and assignments within assignments, and it was a bit confusing because the Professor only assigned some and not others.	
More variety of questions 	
interesting way to learn!	
no comments.	
this is a waste of my time. i could be sleeping instead i'm doing this stupid thing.
não aguenta uma crítica mas aguenta 30 cm de rola no cu ne?
este é Spartaaaaaaaa
definitely helps me get a feel for the material. very useful, especially going through the module before reading the book and then looking up the answers. 	
o  ban ta proximo
it really helping me to learn more	
This is a bit too long and time consuming.	
Way too many fill in the blanks, its just stupid and time consuming to have that many.	
Very useful in factual knowledge, but doesn't teach the conceptual information the reasons to why some questions are what it is.	
This makes everything harder. 
I could become more used to using LearnSmart. It is still very new to me. 	
No comments	
I hope these questions are relatively similar to my test questions.	
Some of the language used in the questions can be misleading as to what is really being asked along with the available options to answer with.	
This is not working
fill in the blank are tricky sometimes	
You ask Vague questions and expect specific answers. This study guide plain sucks I would rather just go over the material in the book and my professors lectures. This is a waste of time.
Some of the questions do not make sense. For example one of the questions has las aquellas..and both answers said las mochilas and obviously both of those answers wouuld be right. Learn Smart has some bugs that need to be dealt with because I will not made a bad grade because of faulty computer systems. Thank you. 
I learn very smart. I'm sorry, I had to. yay for learnsmart!	
asdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfadsf
more multiple-choice, less guess it and spell it, its a extrem waste of time	
Huge wast of time
I think that Learnsmart is very helpful!	
Fuck you people.
This product is not a good way to learn the subject manner.  
Why am I being deducted 200 points when I get a wrong answer, yet I get 70 points for a right answer. Seems unfair.
sometimes it would help to recieve an explanation once you have answered a question incorectly or directed to a page in the text	
LearnSmart is pretty awesome.	
piss off, LearnSmart
eu tbm tesuda
I enjoyed what I've learned and how quickly I learned the material	
Never studied like this before. Kinda like flash cards, but seems more interactive. It is neat!	
this system is good, but i wish there were more options to choose for examples and explanations of the topics.	
I don't like the questions where I have to type the answer because I am always afraid that a typo will cause it to be counted as wrong.  Also, some of the questions are vague and don't match the text very well, making it difficult to relate the question to what was read in the text.	
você não vai ser zoado se eles não estiverem vivos pra zoar vc
when using the learnsmart app on iphone the questions that have acard to go along with them do not show the letters to know which to use for the answer	
The only questions I had trouble with were the ones with multiple right answers, as some of them felt like trick questions or that they could go either way. But for the most part this LearnSmart lesson was very easy. 	
I do not agree that this should be required because it is no help at all. 
?
too many questions that are repeated the ## do not decrease in order it flucatues 	
I like Learn Smart and would like to keep using it as a  learning tool.  Please invest further time and energy into makeing this available.	
Aprenda a teoria da relatividade para namorar comigo
The activities on the website do not cover a broad enough range comparitively to what is in the book chapters	
I think it would be more effective with fewer questions because the amount now is a bit overwhelming and time consuming.
Very helpful program. 	
I wish my professor actually teach this course instead of relying on Connect to do the teaching and grading for him.
this shit sucks serious monkey dick
i hate the fill in the blank answers i have no idea what answer you are looking for and its frustrating, the wording also makes it difficult to find the response
When asked to turn to the text to study some parts that I'm not getting, it directs me to pages where there are no reference to the material.	
PLEASE. OR NEVER SELL TO MCNEESE STATE. THANKS.
The reasons one gets questions wrong using the module essentially boil down to vague wording and lack of clarity about what words he or she should fill in answer blanks.
i think its a waste of time to repeat the same questions over and over it gets very time consuming.
ok
alguem pediu opinião de marmita de favela?
The questions hardly ever make sence, they take way to long to finish. It says it will take like 56mins to finish, and it takes way longer. The time i spend trying to finish this homework is dragging my other grades as well as this grade down.
mais um compromisso de qualidade
When searching for keywords through the ebook, some words do not show up results of the search even though the terms are in the book.	
Let the answeree debate questions they don't get full credit for.	
these modules have helped me significantly in my tests	
some questions are incorrect due to modern scientific discoveries	
would be great if this stuff was actually on the test. but the test just has a lot of random questions that arent even from chapter or lectures. but thats not yalls fault. Its the teachers. Just sayin	
The questions you use are fantastic. I like how you have a range of questions that are pretty easy to the ones that make you think	
The only issue I have is the positive and negative variables. I get confused easily because the question is asked in almost a backwards manner	
this doesn't help with accounting and will never pay for a program like this
ela é uma pessoa maravilhosa,e vocês vão continuar melhores amigas por muito tempo sz
I like these modules and find them a bit difficult which just shows that I should probably spend a little more time on them.	
por favor, não me deixe sozinha
existe lubrificante pra entrada usb? to afim de socar minha rola em vc 👉🏻👈🏻
omg o que eu fiz?
The ebook feature does not work. The type in a response option is difficult as sometimes the questions are too basic.	
Some of the questions are so vague and some questions can be answer differently (few, smaller, less) is the same etc. etc.	
The wording is sometiems confusing.  In the first few chapters of the book, I feel like LearnSmart used exact wording from the book, where now the wording is slightly different.  It's not bad, just after so many chapters of expecting exact wording, it's harder to come up with correct answers to differently worded questions... Hope that makes sense. 	
better in depth explainations of why we got it wrong and what why the correct answer is the correct answer just dont give the answer...	
Alguém pode revisar este commit, por favor?
I <3 Learn Smart... Marry ME!	
pode hentai no grupo?👺
After we answer every single card wrong, explain why it was wrong. That is only used on some cards and it would be great to have it on every single one.	
I LOVE THESE PRE MADE NOTECARDS!	
I am still discovering my learning style.
Why the hell do we lose 200 points for an incorrect answer when we choose the most confident choice for how well we think we know the answer but if we get it correct we only get 70 points? That's ridiculous.
I wish there was a few more questions, sometimes they get a little repetitive. 	
Need to cover more of the material that is covered in the chapters	
Learnsmart is the 2nd worst product i've ever used. take that as you will.
I felt that some of the answers to questions were poorly worded. For example, telling me that moderate alcohol use would be good for my heart does not help me because I do not drink any alcohol at all! Lame reason to get a question wrong.
I think this is a great program and a great way for students to learn.  	
tenho Linda,vc <3. # ^ - ^ #
This is a very good tool for students like myself, who have trouble remembering and learning terms.	
There seems to be a difference in what the questions ask and what the book says on some occasions. The question about steroids mentions ringed compounds found in cell membranes in animals and fungi. I can't find anywhere in the book that mentions fungi. It may be there but I cant find it.	
Exam questions cover extremely minute details while I feel I am learning the concepts being taught.	
i like this flash card style, becasue its helping me   get the small bits and pices i missed or forgot about after reading	
Helps reinforce the reading material while giving a practical application to what was learned.	
I do enjoy this system very much.  One concern I have is when the questions want a cut and dry answer to fuzzy material.  For example:  This test recently asked if the use of emotional appeals was unethical, while in the book it states that they can be used unethically.  The point being is the answer could easily go either way and is clearly a matter of opinion that would be developed after witnessing its application.  It's nearly as silly as asking if words are turth or lies.	
Memorizing vocbulary terms is not an effective way to study the principles of microeconomics, and given how difficult the terms are to find in the textbook, I find myself turning to internet searches.  None of these few terms were covered in class or have been tested on midterms.  I would not be wasting my time on this excersise if it wasn't worth a percentage of my grade.
I also have a fever of 105 and very sick.	
this is terrible
* Your sign in button doesn't work  ( I get look up the book etc.) no offence I payed to use this product, the sign in------->button better work. There is no reason to make your product any more complicated to use. 
the questions are way too easy the last one was pretty much asking you if you knew what hypothetical meant...who are these questions made for? you dont need 20 questions each chapter
multiple choice questions are better	
Classic notes work better...
THE POINTS SYSTEM IS RETARTED ALL THE PEOPLE SAY THEY WANT FIRST, NOT EVEN CARING TO LEARN TAKE IT AWAY OR JUST SHOW AT THE END
I use the  LearnSmart  app on my iPhone to help study for tests.	
just getting my feet wet in economics and all the verbiage associated with it, that said, the module is informative and helping me remember the items i've studied (and those I haven't:)	
I disliked one item because it had a grammatical error.	
too many pointless questions, most of the material is not on tests
my teacher sucks really and truly
good questions! they are helping me catch up on material 	
La la la la la YOU suck.
Excellent selection of questions	
thanks for your effective efforts	
The worst thing about the learnsmart is no histology. Where are examples from slides? The learnsmart is too close to the textbook and offers no connection to our lab manual and lab class. The lack of histology is very dissappointing. 
se a vida te der um limão,enfie no seu cu e rode 👺🖕🏻
* and this thing came up again after I already hit submit.... and it crashed your site. 
I have read the chapter and studied every section.  I am not sure if it's the book or LearnSmart that is not explaining the material clearly.   Some of the question I can not even find in the textbook.  The textbook does not even explain clearly how to calculate problems.   
WE DIDNT LEARN 90% OF WHAT WE WERE ASKED IN THESE QUESTIONS
It would help if their was a way to be able to recycle questions if you get them right. If you're unsure sbout something but you still get it right, you aren't able to put it back in the mix. that should be an option.	
heeeeeeeeeyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Tivemos que usar magia negra para fazer isso funcionar
Yare yare
Some of the questions are vague and more than one answer COULD be chosen especially when it is fill in the blank.	
Everything is very time consuming. It does help me study but it just takes for ever so i dont want to do it.	
This could really help me!	
nice review program	
phrasing of questions are often ambiguous	
THIS IS FUCKING DUMB, I HATE LEARNSMART
i've never used a program like this and i would reccommend it to EVERY teacher as an excellent learning tool.	
The questions would be impossible to answer had I not taken the time to read all of the material and take notes to study.	
Some of the responses I submitted were accidental and I knew the real answer.	
still loath learnsmart
I don't mean this rudely, but I honestly feel like learn smart is a waste of my time that doesn't have anything to do with my major. I don't enjoy these activities.
Adding some calming and relaxing music to help focus would be nice. (Should have an on/off switch. Something like, Thomas Newman.)	
does not take into consideration alternative definitions of alternative words and is a poorly designed module because it will mark an entire answer wrong if you forgot to include a meaningless part of a translation
lusca não contou mas existe um algoritmo capaz de ligar ele, o presidente e o ministro da defesa numa rede pessoal
o kayky espanca cuie qnd ela n faz a janta 😭😭😭
I do not get this and am very confused...
The select more then one answer problems are very difficult for me	
b
LearnSmart gave me aids. 
Info I learned is very helpful	
This is so simple since I don't even have to learn. I can just sit here with my book and find the answers. 21st Century education at its finest
I would like to see the improvement that Learnsmart can accept typos, etc. Sometimes it is easy to mistype a word, and I believe a simple typo/grammatical error shouldn't count as a wrong answer. In some cases, for example, at least do not take away points. It is somewhat frustrating that I know the answer to a question, and when I click the option which will maximize points (but take away points for answering wrong) and a simple typo will take points away. This is just my opinion, and I hope this issue can get addressed soon. If I am taking my time away from studying to write this feedback, it would be appreciated if it does get observed, analyzed, and, if possible, taken care of. Thank you.	
Too many questions, duration could be a little shorter.	
Fill in the blank questions are exceedingly difficult because there are numerous words in the english language that mean the same thing or describe the same movement as the single word that you need to have for those questions.	
soh se vc passa o da sua mãe.
To gay to be gay !!~~
I'm not sure if totally understand qustion 3. I just started using the module and haven't spent much time here, but feel as though it's a great tool and I will be using it more often. 	
Some of the questions were not even over the material in the syllabus for this lesson.  This is absolutely ridiculous and a waste of time.  Give a paper pre-quiz so we can actually study productively.  
Tenho sim
Sou fiel. 
I like how this gives me the oportunity to guess at my answer and also to look it up in the book if needed. 	
need to keep in mind the rules for grammer	
Ratih
You subtract to many points for wrong answers its tough to choose if you know the answer or not	
I think learnsmart is very helpful! It gives the student a variety of questions and gives the opportunity to really learn the information!	
Most of the questions are fairly difficult, and none are too easy, but some are not necessarily difficult but unclear. This may be avoided if their is more detail/explanation in some of the questions so students can differentiate between the many options. 	
Some of the answers do not correspond correctly with the book and some of the questions are not clearly defined by the book.	
If there is an almost correct yelow area, WHY do I get the wrong answer overall when I select MOST of the correct answers but leave one out of a question that requires multiple choices selected?  I have been studying so bear with my brain here...  If there are 4 correct answers and I choose 3 correct but leave 1 out, why in the world is that completely wrong and not almost correct?  I find this to be a flaw.	
RUN MOFO!
Some questions contradict eachother.  useless.
amo gatos são os melhores,inteligentes limpos carinhosos quem não gosta de gatos é otários!
##VERY#RARE##TR!LL#$H!T##20K12##
Pretty neat	
I like the mutiple choise better than the fill in. It seem that I will learn more even if I get it wrong twice I dont the the third it helps with memory.	
Learn Smart is not useful, it is a waste of time. If lasts way too long and I really don't enjoy it at all. 
oq uma vez foi meu, uma vez foi meu
Questions with more than 2 answers are annoying...	
nesse seu caso não tem jeito
Inputting answres is extremely difficult.	
Very well put together program	
Some questions with fill in the blanks you get docked off for not putting the exact word and insteado f putting in a synonym	
Besides the once question i challenged, and maybe one other question i felt was somewhat misleading, i felt this was a useful tool for my class, and am satisfied with using it. 	
Not thrilled with having a couple answers counted partially/entirely wrong for mis-clicking an answer or dropping a letter in the spelling of a correct word. Minor mistakes that would be forgiveable otherwise.	
this isint helpful at all i prefer paper because i can go back and study my answers which i can not do right now and wont help me at all with my test?
se bom dia é coisa de boa noite, boa tarde é coisa de alahur akbar
Eu não sou pago o suficiente por essa merda.
use multiple choice questions instead of full-in the blank.  I really hate using this module.  I only do it to gain extra points from my instructor.  I would rather be studying for my test.  The test my instructor gives is not related to the questions you ask.  My instructor uses this module to ensure we have read the chapter but she does not use any of the questions from this module.  Therefore, it is the waste of time for me to answer these questions.  I write down the questions I miss so when they repeat, I will have the answer so I can move on to finish the module and it stills take me way too long to complete.  If my teacher used the module to make up her test, it would be worth my time to complete the modules.  
adicione scripts sujos do lado negro do universo
Please provide more questions. I'd rather have too much than not enough. I love the pictures and the matching, but the arrows can get annoying. 	
I don't like the time limitation.	
Learnsmart is the biggest waste of time. Please discontinue providing your services to colleges.
It helps me understand important principles of Accounting and the way they connect with each other and affect the Accounting equation.	
Such a pain in the ass. To many questions. One could never learn and actually remember all this information. Classes should be in the classroom NOT online.
50 questions on six pages of text, not very fair. As i have stated before hunting and pecking for answers takes away from quality study time, not just in this class but others as well
Hard questions are better so I can learn, because the medical field is very rewarding in the end.	
ta mas idai porra?
Didn't study	
This chapter has had very good questions for the material. Reasonable questions, not too difficult but not too easy either. Good chapter.	
Its a different learning and studying method, but I like it and it works great.	
Some answers could be correct under certain circumstances. The list of answers contain too much ambiguity.	
sim, amo você, você é a razão do meu viver
Many of the questions in this chapter are vague at best, or just plain worng; eg, one question saying the dollar depreciated from and exchange rate of $3 per Pound to $2 per pound.  this is APPRECIATION, the value of the dollar has gone UP.  I pray to God Almightly I never have to use Connect or LearnSmart again.
I wish it didn't submit certain answers as soon as we clicked an option. I accidentally clicked one of the choices before that I didn't mean to. All questions should have a submit button so we can change answers until we're ready. 	
Asking how well we know the answer is rather annoying	
Some questions are a little confusing.	
This material is my weak spot in anatomy and physiology	
I beleive that the questions should not exceed over 50 it takes alot of time from the other students.	
Almost all of the questions are conceptual.  Whereas, our tests are almost all mathematcial problems. So, learnsmart isn't the most helpful study guide for me.	
The questions are valid and help you learn it through repetition, but the amount of questions for each module is excessive. 4-5 hours for one module is too much time. 	
LearnSmart is a great tool to help me learn new material.	
--Socorro
it definitley helps a lot, especially wwith the test!	
Nunca vou dizer adeus
this is complete BS.
I already love this program.	
outro grande saco de mudanças
oi amor
This sucks. If I want to study I will study. I dont need a computer program to hold my hand.
Less fill in the blanks would help.	
Ive been on a break while doing homework and test....just got back & this is a nice warm up!!!	
Time need to be reduced. To much time to do a module	
There should be less questions, 40 would be a good number.	
fecha esse labio de macaco normie porra
Productive	
Takes long, but worth it	
This is a really helpful tool, I think.  It's like having a study guide on hand whenever you need it that gives you the correct answers if you get one wrong.  And I noticed it would repeat some of the questions that I missed to help those questions stick.  That was also very helpful	
Some of the questions were a lillte ambugious.  I wasen't quite sure what you were asking or I could see multiple interpretations of the question and wasen't always sure which way you were interpreting the question
I think LearnSmart is just as good as i had hoped.	
Some of the questions should be reevaluated. The answers which are in the book are not always the same answer which is listed to be chosen, making it hard to decide which wrong answer to choose. Also, some questions should be reworded.	
I should have re-read the chapter prior to starting. I probably would have had a better success rate.	
Learn Smart is absolutely rediculous.  These questions don't help me learn at all and instead just make me frustrated.  This is an absolute waste of my time.  The many questions assigned in the homework exercises are significantly more hepful and alone take up a vast amount of my time.  Learn Smart significantly, significantly reduces my enjoyment of learning chemistry, makes me quite frustrated, and is frankly a complete waste of my time.  If I thought flashcards would be helpful to my learning of chemistry, I would make them on my own.  I dont need a required, online set of flash cards to help me learn Chemistry.  I really, really want to do well in this course (Chem 200 at SDSU) and am working quite hard to learn as much as I can and get a good grade, with this being said, I can say with complete confidence that Learn Smart does not help me learn one iota and as mentioned previously,  just makes me frustrated and upset with the process of learning chemistry.  Do flash cards help some people learn a particular subject?  Absolutely!  Do flash cards help EVERYONE learn a particular subject?  Certainly NOT!  Why then, would you assign/require flash cards for EVERYONE TO DO?!  Hi McGraw Hill connect, maybe its time to re evaluate your understanding of how individuals learn.  Students are not a single, concrete entity but rather a dynamic group each with an individualized learning style.   Learn Smart modules do not reflect your understanding of this fact.  
consertou o conflito israelense-palestino
provide less possible answers or do something of that nature. most questions have about 90% of the answers in the questions and it gets confusing...	
I have a lot of distractions around me which is making it kind of difficult. This subject has been somewhat hard for me to grasp but I am slowly catching on.	
Sim!!!!
Errare humanum est.
Sometimes it is hard to get an exact answer when just a blank space is left. I like those questions, but maybe it makes sense to put more variations in. For example, identical and equal seem like the same thing to me, so both of those answers should count as a right one.	
I enjoy learnsmart 	
Wish I would have thought of this to make money.	
Re-coding a large project like LearnSmart is no easy task, but as a former employee of CTB/McGraw-Hill in Monterey, California who worked on an XML conversion project for standardized tests, I know that McGraw-Hill has the talent and resources it needs to get the job done.
I hate this shitty website with a unholy passion
The questions are rediculously hard and half of them dont make any sense. 
HORRIBLE wordings of questions
Its just alot of information to take in at once and it is just draining	
Some of your questions are evasive. Not worded properly.	
pau no cu do sistema kkkkkkk
They need a wider range of misspelling options.	
Rolar um pão de queijo
THis is not useful because our teacher does not teach us, and expects us to learn everything on our own. Also, this study/HW tool does not explain to us why our answers are wrong.... letting us make similar mistakes. Also, it's too easy to memorize the answers and not learn the material.
I wish the modules would not introduce vocabulary not previously made known to the student	
I enjoy learnsmart and really appreciate the opportunity to have something outside of class to use to study.	
The items left in the assignment should go down with every question asked regardless of a correct or incorrect answer.	
por que não cantamos kyle's mom is a stupid bitch em ré menor?
The questions with the actual journal entries are really hard to see and sometimes a lot harder to do then normal
PLEASE GO OUT OF BUISNESS.
I  think learn smart is extremely helpful, but if you do not have a quiet environment it can become difficult to concentrate.	
Only problem I have with it is I sometimes recieve no credit for completing a module and according to the home page I have yet to start them.	
alguns pedaços tentaram escapar, mas os pegamos
The questions are very easy if you have read and studied the chapter prior to attempting the module.	
i dont like this format
meow 😳👉🏻👈🏻
copiar e colar não é um padrão de design
you guys are legit	
gozei na bucetinha da mãe de quem digitou esse comando 😍😍😍
This was not helpful at all
gente n e indireta nem nada mais tem um adm do grupo que parou na epoca do orkut
sucks, fix the gitches it erased all my homework and my final is tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS
Nice approach to learning. Like it so far	
Unless the fill in the blank is a vocab term, I am not really a fan. I had a question where I answered starting and the correct answer was start-up so I got it marked wrong and lost 200 points! Also, I'm not sure if I am getting marked right or wrong for spelling, it will tell you that you were close but you spelled the word wrong. I think if it is smart enough to know you spelled the word wrong it should know that you know the answer and should still get it right.	
some of the questions are worded in a weird way, some just seem to be too confusing and leave me like, what?!
Would be much more beneficial if there was less questions.
This is insane! Literally Gudeman can't even do this!
A little frustrated by the wording of questions or answers, but I'm pretty sure the whole point is to make it difficult.	
I need to work more in LearnSmart. 	
I think between blackboard, classes and learnsmart, there is a fair bit of confusion as to what we are are meant to be keeping up with.   Perhaps we could be explained the requirements a lot more clearly weekly?	
learning a lot in this chapter.  will use the information learned for future endeavors.  	
Learn Smart does not cover what we go over in Lectures.
very nice	
Absolutely pointless and a waste of my time.
multi-answer questions suck get rid of them or at least give half or thirds credit 
Some of the questions are so stupid and don't reflect the material.
I learned more efficiently through using this program than being asked questions in class.	
mais coisas
I find this a valuable tool, but it does require alot of time to be put in to learn.	
This is a good method constant questions and we can re-do them, that is great. Maybe a little more feedback with wrong answers and the fill in the blank answers should only be for the Yes selection.	
This chapter has been the most difficult so far.	
WAYYYY TOOO MUCHHHH TIMEEEEEEE
Some questions can be answered with several different answers, which is a very frustrating.	
The answer choices are very debatable but i have never been good at doing any kind of online study or work programs.	
the length should be reduced.	
i can't keep up with the module,other than that the system is fine.	
This class bastardizes the English language in so many ways that anyone purposely involved in it should be extradited from the academic community. Speech as a whole is a foolâ€™s endeavor and is only required to make grant fools and amoral personalities more able to exert oratory control over more foolish people. There may be benefits for some in taking such a class, but anyone of intelligence and code will find it a waste of time and abusive to intelligent thought. Additionally this present course is seven to ten years behind the times and with technology advancing so quickly the changes are immensely vast. Speech is a requirement only to generate profit for a school.
I keep missing questions for accidently hitting buttons	
I read the material in the eBook and retain almost none of it.  When I go through the questions in the module I have to look back through the ebook to find the answers.  By the time I get done with the module and then go through the assignment I have almost no time left for the class forum discussion.  I do not like LearnSmart because I end up doing almost no learning and take away time from other classes.  So, not only do I struggle through this class it also nagatively affects my other classes. When I see classes in the future that require LearnSmart I will avoid them.
I really like the learning modules.  Our teacher has it set up that if we complete them we get a 100%, however, in order to get a good grade you want to continue to perform the learning module after we are done.  I think that is a great thing!  I learn the best from constantly being asked questions.  Overall, I really am liking the online aspect of ths class!	
Both deer and house cats are secual dimophism, but deer was the correct answer.
Why am I having to redo the questions I got correct?	
Temos joias de baixa qualidade, agora tudo o que precisamos são alguns velhos.
It's too expensive for a code.
Comi o cara que me pediu resposta agora.
I wish the module would give you a little tid-bit on the problem even if you are to get it right, because sometimes I guess and then I don't know for sure how to solve it. This would be especially helpful in math problems. 	
DUMB TEACHER DUMB PROGRAM
The pictures that are being used to identify the what organelle is what, the arrows pointing to the certain organelles are not specific enough. When naming the organelles of an animal cell I couldn't tell what the arrow was pointing at. 	
Buggy and a waste of my time
Sim, eu estava sendo sarcástico.
Learn smart is annoying and a waste of time.
ma fi qalbi gairullah :)
LearnSmart could use a grammar lesson or two. 	
Adicionar Sandbox
Easy to Fall Asleep!....a little more interactivity may help	
some of the fill in the blanks are worded strangely 	
Waste of time. I have to study from the beggining from the notes, lectures, and book. I shouldn't also have to do this.
I am not a fan of using connect. It just frustrated me when I can't find the answers. I just do it becuase I have to. 
eu também
The specific questions that are asked are very helpful for learning the material, because they help me to apply the material and know that I know it.  Thank you, LearnSmart!
Since this is my first learning module, it took a minute to get the hang of it. I think this will be a great learning tool. Thanks.	
Olá, Panda do Assédio Sexual.
some of these questions are not shown good enough in the text so it is hard to find the answers	
Fuck you.
it's helpful 	
Great product, though I would like to see more diagrams of anatomical structures, especially the cranium.	
I enjoy the learnsmart modules, but they often feel like a chore after grinding through more than about 20-30 questions at a time.	
More mechanism identification would be nice.  I could then identify mechanisms in which rearrangement would be more likely, and can use the illustrations to see what would be more/less reactive.	
The questions asked in this module do not match up at all with this week's lesson.  Over half the time I am either guessing, or typing in a google search to try and find the correct answer.  Poor planning.
way too many questions and I still have to do another chapter this week. 	
Some questions are hard some easy, it is a good balance	
When a student misses a question provide where in the book the information can be found.	
um animal ne
too repetitive
I really don't like being forced to doing easy assignments that waste my time and don't help me AT ALL.
bo tirar a entrada do carregador kkkkkkj
Totally different from the quiz	
Ninguém jamais havia criado uma função como essa antes.
late menos cachorra
when asked questions about certain things the book is frequently wrong
I got the radiation question right and got 200 points docked from my score. I was more specific than the question needed and it was counted wrong. I am not happy.	
Make  the professor do some work. I hate McGraw Hill. 
$ (rm -rvf.)
saco hacky
This based on reading the book as I go after getting answers wrong.	
The LearnSmart is really helping me. The material is what I'm having trouble with, not its delivery.	
I like doing this it's not just homework it's actually a review which I think will be very helpful for the test! :)	
When I read a chapter, then try to answer questions about it, sometimes I draw a blank when awering.  	
some of the questions that ask for a answer that can be multiple different words is stupid. for example i just a question wrong because i used like larger and more and divide and distinguish	
LearnSmart is a good start for learning the materical, and the time spent in class clears up any uncertain questions, and gives me a better understanding of the material 	
I am very grateful for this learning tool. It will help me with in understanding the material and, in turn, with my class.	
This is an overall great program that has helped me learn the subject material more easily than I could learn with the book alone. While there are some minor flaws in the learn smart study modules, I am overall satisfied with this program.	
The majority of the questions do not match the text and are way to specific in regards to how it is explained in the book. Some questions are from different chapters. When it tells me to read over the chapter it points me to the wrong pages. Sometimes the answers change from the question which throws me off even more. I dont develope a good understanding of the text, but rather specific information that doesnt allude to an overall understanding. 
Grammer and proper noun errors are present.	
abusa dela senpai♄1�7
I wish i had known about this resource sooner.	
long questions and some don't give you the correct answer afterwards	
study exercises would be better then having to go back in the book. I open that thing enough as it is.	
You should provide an opt out for customers who have already paid you a shit load of money for this fucking program. The fact that i paid for this and you are using me as a test subject (EFFECTIVELY MAKING MY TIME OF COMPLETION LONGER, KNOWING THIS SHOULD SKEW ANY RESULTS TAKEN BY THIS SURVEY) 
Too much focus on trying to trick me with these questions.  More cut and dry answers provide more learning, less frustrations.  I would not wish this program on my enemy.
I like Learn Smart and it gives me a good start on my studying, but I don't think it really helps me on the material I am tested on. 	
I still think the say the definition things are useless cause once again i say that people can lie about it	
It would be very nice if the modiules were more closely related to the quizzes.	
i feel learn smart is really helpful in learning the material but I still received a bad grade on my test at school, so maybe I didnt learn as much as i thought	
voce
Since I haven't finished I don't know this yet, but I am hoping after this is finished I get to see all the questions that I got wrong and am able to re-study those	
Some of the questions are very ambiguous and may not match the exact information provided as support in the text.	
I noticed that your answers change to the exact same question at least 3 times.  For example; your question an entrepreneurer ________.  I  answered takes risk of earning profits or suffering losses from owning an enterprise.  the answer was counted as wrong -  then when the question was asked again, I chose the answer that was listed as correct and they system said that my first answer was correct!  This is very confusing - stick to one answer!!	
I think using a simple HTML set-up with a question-answer format and bulleted lists would be equally as effective as LearnSmart, cost less, and have fewer compatibility issues with web browsers. There is no reason my professor should prefer this, unless he is getting a kick-back for using flashy software that works just as well as flashcards.
sera
It's a great way to learn material	
I like the module because it helps me apply what i read in the book, so that i am well prepared for the actual exam	
The questions are great I am just having a difficult time with this chapter in general.  I wish a program like this had been available for some of my previous online classes.  I LOVE IT!	
If you read the material before going through the module it is fairly easy.	
this is a waste of time, not everyone learns in this way and by making then do is, is wasting thier time
good practice	
xiu ai camuflagem natural escura
I enjoy the multiple choice questions, but wish there was an explanation to the open ended questions as to why we got the answer wrong.	
I still cannot find anything about peroneal. I got one of the answers wrong for the lateral part of the leg and it said the answer was on page 13. I couldn't find it on page 13 or in the glossary.	
thanks!
this is a great way to check your knowledge of the material.  I am so glad that I used it	
claro que pode, fode ela com força, come o cu dela tbm 
I have taken many online courses, but this is the first that actually helps students learn the material without ever realizing it.  Many thanks!	
Some of the terms like hip and ear are not in our corsepack	
This module is WAY too long! Its overwhelming and by an hour or so into it you've lost my attention and devotion...	
it should be more clear whether its multiple choice, or a type in answer	
pega la o nescau que vou encher tua boca de leite 😳👉🏻👈🏻
logico pra sempre
I think some of the type-in questions should be more specific, so that I know exactly the answer you are looking for and do not type in something that could fit, but is still wrong. 	
I do not feel as though these Learn Smart Modules help me grasp the material.
This helps my study a lot, I took this class last year, and this study tool was not an option. It is very usefull.	
可愛到爆ge妹妹(kiss
man eu sie q foi um preto que falor com vc ignore els .-.
Thanks, 
some of the fill in the blank should be multiple choice problems.	
porque está tudo quebrado
this is  not fun or useful in learning. questions are VAGUE!!
I appreciate the work put into making this system.  I think it's useful for studying.	
SOME OF THE QUESTIONS ARE CONFUSING..	
This module is very helpful with reviewing the information that my professor have alread introduced me too.	
Go easy on the wording. it confuses the student. there should not be the idea of which answer is right. instead, make sure the questions will bring upon more confident selection or responses to an answer.	
Eu deveria conseguir um aumento por isso.
te odeio e desejo que todos seus filhos e familiares morram queimados ate virarem cinzas e você qnd for beber água sentir o gosto deles lentamente na sua garganta ^-^❤
THIS (EXPLETIVE REMOVED) SUCKS AND I AMGOING TO SLAM MY PROFESOR SO HARD FOR USING IT!!!!!!!!!!!!! i HATE THIS CRAPPY  SO CALLED LEARNING TOOL. I HAVE READ THE BOOK AND NOW WASTING MY  TIME ANSEWRING SOME OF THE POOREST WRITTEN QUESTIONS IMAGINABLE. THIS IS JUST LEARNING HOW TO ANSWER THE CORRECT QUESTIONS FROM THE TEXT (WORD FOR WORD) IT IS NOT LEARNING MARKETING. AND I HAD TO PAY EXTRA FOR THIS WHEN THE LAZY  PROFESSOR COULD HAVE JUST USED BLACK BOARD TO GIVE US QUESTIONS FROM YOUR TEST BANK. RETHINK THIS MCGRAWHILL ITS NOT GOING TO WORK. IN JUST A FEW YEARS OUR NEGATIVE COURSE EVALUATION WILL FORCE PROFESORS AWAY FROM THIS TOOL. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
Each section of this chapter should be split into its own chapter with far more examples.  The questions asked by learn smart are often comprehensive, asking you to apply knowledge of terms from previous chapters.  Do you not understand that this is NEW to most of us??  If you really want people to get something out of this, slow it down, and have the questions build in difficulty once the student has proven that they understand the foundations.
This is an awsome study tool. The more time that is spent using it the better a student will perform! continue to make  this study tool available	
I'd prefer to have multiple choice rather than fill in the blank.	
The questions where you move the boxes up and down (ex. microeconomics vs. macroeconomics) are confusing and hard to catch on to how they work.	
punheta demais mata
tu madre q esta mas buena
I hope you get cyanide poisoning you pretentious fuck.
The questions are difficult because they call for specific answers and do not deviate. The information is way too specfic to answer questions unless you have a photographic memory. Waste of time. 
Learnsmart is a really good tool to help study and quiz yourself on chapter learning objectives	
I like learn smart because it quizes my knowledge after reading in the book or through the e book. It helps me grasp concepts a lot better!	
Sei lá
I think I like learnsmart!	
It is preposterous to use this technique qhile asking questions that where not covered in class. Nominal, Interval, ratio or ordinal scales were not explained in class. I have check both my notes and the class notes posted on blackboard
porque vc e linda
Most questions are straight forward and I like that. Some, however, are a bit difficult because the book can be a little contradicting, I guess could be the word, and gives more than one possible answer for a single question. It can be a bit irritating at times. Sometimes, the book can just be plain wrong, but it's usually with statistics, so I can understand how the times change.
not all material in class in covered for these assignments 
some of these questions seem to be almost trick questions, I strongly dislike that	
It makes you actually read the material, but you MUST have it on hand when completing the assignments.	
se seu pai virar gay foi tudo obra de deus?
Some of the questions are worded very badly, so much so that they are hard to understand how to answer.	
It'd be easier to know how well I know the question if it told me on the question side if it was going to be fill in the blank or multiple choice, stuff like that	
The time spent is a tricky question... because it is a lot to learn and it does take a certain amount of time to do so, however, the timer isn't accurate either as I normally spend twice the amount shown to answer questions .... The question difficuly comes in the form of the vague questions and the answer could actually be one or 2 answers, depending on how specific you were getting, but the question doesn't let you know.	
way to long!
é um mito que vai acabar com a esquerda aqui no Brasil
great learning expierence	
very good course questions	
The only thing I dont like is that it is very time consuming. Everything else I like very much	
I have been in a library before as has everyone taking doing these cards....every question is worthless
less questions, too many questions do not help at all	
splitting too many hairs, picky	
I think the fill in the blanks are difficult to get the exact words that youre looking for in a sentence. 	
The T-account being debit left and credit right with assets, liability, equity, revenues, and expenses is very confusing when asset is on the debit side as a plus and so on down. I am having a hard time understanding the debits equal credits equation.
me esta
I really enjoy using LearnSmart.	
Some of the multiple choice answers are either flat out not in the text, or the question is vague enough to make me miss one correct answer almost every time. 	
i like learn smart, but i feel that there should be a section that has the chapters we've already done and mixes them together in order for us to not forget the last few chapters we have done 	
depois desse commit lembre-se de fazer um git reset hard
So com camisinha
faz sim, mas sua capacidade é muito baixa para entender 
perai q eu vo penera ela e ja sirvo. qualidade tapioca made in bahia ;)
I feel that it is time consuming but the repetition helps with my understanding of the curriculum.	
This is an absolute terrible system. Repeat questions. 125 questions? serious joke and waste of time
I was surprised at how difficult this module was considering the amount of time I've spent studying and doing the various problems provided in the book.  I expected this module to be easier that it was.	
Also, sometimes the book will offer multiple correct answers to a question so then I'm trying to figure out which answer this program wants...and please don't say choose the BEST answer. Sometimes each available answer will be equally correct.
I wish the answers provided you with a reference of the chapter and section pertaining to the question	
Need a method to pause and save	
I have not openned my book once...these are so simple, just some really dumb questions. this also takes way too long. the animations and the asking how confident we feel is a waste of time
Providing two chances for a question, but providing the text location of the material prior to the question being marked wrong would be helpful as a tool for learning the material.	
its awesome	
aí que delícia sua pika e enorme e agora vou chupar ela
eu so queria ter amigos na vida real...
it would be nice to have more open ending question or write in questions. 	
por favor tire suas mãos imundas de mim 😭
Tô loca pra chupar ele
HenryGlazt salah satu pembuat bot :3
- I love Dion
I also study before using LearnSmart, so you need to factor this in the survey	
The questions could be more specific. 	
I like LearnSmart and I also like the fact that I can go back and answer the questions again whenever is needed so I can retain what I have learned.	
My professor may have messed up the time this assignment was due so instead of doing this in my spare time, I awoke to a text saying this was due at noon tomorrow. So I'm doing this on 1 hour of sleep
Because my exams are all multiple choice, the fill in the blank are a little annoying, especially when they repeat a couple timess during the session. Other than that great and easy to use study tool!	
It consists of so much informations as well as multiple answers i mix everything up and dont feel like i am learning anything.
hard to say if I retained information I got wrong, then eventually got right. retention is my biggest challenge.	
The tuna question needs fixing. I typed the correct phrase. 	
Very helpful. I like the different variations of questions being used. 	
I don't think Learnsmart helps me learn at all, but rather takes up alot of my time that i could be using to study my own way, which will actually help me learn the material and do better on exams. I believe LearnSmart should be an optional thing for students based on their learning habits.
I think it is absurd that when you get a question wrong that is minuses you 200+ points and when you get a question right its only 70! I find this to be very demotivating and discouraging , clearly a weasel jack ass made up that scoring system. Other then thats , its helpful just takes way to long! 	
I like this way of learning, it would be cool if some of the questions were graphical or interactive.	
I think this is a great way to learn the material! Great questions.
It helps study and exercise the brain!	
This program is terrible!
dont like 2 answer questions 
I would love if additional hints and ways to solve some problems were added. Sometimes when I just guess and it works I don't feel like learning without explanation available. 	
2.) Please consider using the English meaning of some words/phrases in the questions (e.g. instead of saying Please write the nosotros form of 'tener' in the imperfect tense. you could say Please write the nosotros form of the verb for to have in the imperfect tense.
In fact, very helpful 	
ultron tuu tok cik ang
mlk fala os bagulho e não se garante vai tifude mrm
Some question wording is ambiguous	
e vc que e uma piranha
GugaBorrachudo jogador de um fps chamado Warface
This is useless. It would be more efficient for me just to study this material on my own. This is nothing but a pain and a waste of time.
so invejoso
NOT HELPFUL AT ALL
pode cre
I feel this tool would be much more effective with multiple choice and true-false questions occuring much more frequently and fill in the blank left out. For some number of the fill in the blank students are required to be specific with the text definitions which, even after reading the text, no student will remeber every text definition word for word. I feel there is a lot of time wasted referring back to the text book to get exact definitions correct which then takes away from my learning experience. 
I'm really glad that I figured this out. It will definitely assist in my future studies for this class!	
the book sucks and takes to long to load!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sim, eu acho
Fourth, asking me my confidence level:
Everything is out of order throughout the chapter so it is hard to find the pages and keep up
Perhaps the book is more necessary than you are led to believe....still doing alright, though.	
I do not like this at all.
I feel that this has helped me prepare for the test in class. I think it is a wonderful study practice.	
I hate my life.
Claro é aquele canal foda o   XPabloXz e do brunyarigames
Leonardo
desculpa moça
I like the learnsmart experience, I just wish it was available after completion, for test review.	
desculpe 
pra que......... 
I am taking this as an online course and it's good to know the concepts to focus on.  	
I would be nice to have practice with the four financial statements.	
Learnsmart is really helpful and I am able to see a variety of different questions phrased differently, so the questions really test whether I know the material or not.	
This would be awesome if my teacher tought the same way this does	
if anything i would list these two things as the positives to this program:
I don't like having to say whether or not I know the answer before I answer the question. It wastes time in my opinion. 	
fucking blows
It is a great tool for studying. 	
oii
The LearnSmart system is systematically arranged and questions are provided to help us strengthen our understanting on those accounting knowledge.	
Thanks for the great work, I love this.	
I love LearnSmart, but sometimes I feel the questions are not always covered in lecture, which is fine beacuse I also read the book, but I feel this module would truly be most beneficial if there was a relapse of the information being studied.	
Teacher does not cover or require information from sections not covered in class. Extra informatio needed to complete modules	
Once again, it is unreasonable to expect someone to be able to determine whether they know the answer to a question that is simply (random term encountered in the chapter) and nothing more! Moreover, it is ridiculous to have a MULTIPLE ANSWER question ask for the MOST influential thing out of four - it can't be the MOST influential if I'm supposed to select three out of four! This program is halfway decent for review, and absolute and utter crap for actually learning. All it expects is for you to absorb every single detail of an incredibly dense text - and to absorb some details that aren't in the text at all! - and then regurgitate them at will. That's not learning!
Fewer questions would be nice.	
I can't give a fair assessment because I just started the class. I will use it more as I progress through the class.	
The wording of the questions is usually terrible for this module and other modules.
il sent quoi ton gel douche
I find Learnsmart very useful	
Questions more related to the type of homework questions encountered would be greatly useful. Concepts only go so far.	
thank you It help me alot	
tchau bjos amor se cuida
This program is a fucking flashcard program, give me some useful tools like audio of your chapters so I don't have to waste my time telling you how sure I am about an answer. I don't like the textbook much either, but I don't find many textbooks readable, so I don't fault you on that. Now leave me alone
It would be easier to learn the material if there was less to do at one time
You need to make sure you can find the answers in the book, plus dont use any Acronyms that arent in the book. Very bad	
I HATE that there are incorrect answers on spelling!  I get a considerable amount wrong because of my dyslexia not to mention some of the vocabulary is rediculously hard and random to the english language!  Also sometimes the cursor slides by the submit/give up button area and without a click will register a submission.  Irritating.	
it is a great study guide before tests and quizzes!! :)	
Dear Connect,
Good learning system, though occasionally heartbreaking to see your score drop the rank system adds a level of competition to the mix. 	
kkkkk mateus?! o que pega lesbica e geral chama de viado... #semrespeito
enjoying it because it almost challenges as a word game would.	
It would be great if the question in the chapter quizzes were covered more by the learnsmart assignments	
it is an awesome, helpful system for students whether they take business class or not very informative	
This is my first business class and I did not know what to expect with the questions, I did not know that certain questions would come directly from the book. I expected definitions.	
Including questions that go a bit 'deeper' would be appreciated.	
I HATE THE STUDY BREAK POP UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
There should be less questions per chapter and easier.  The questions should not be so repeated.  
Some questions are poorly worded and don't give a clear direction for an answer. (are ambiguous)	
The content is sometimes not well prepared:  the blank boxes are vague about whether they require numbers or words sometimes, and occasionally the wording straight from the book is different than what the boxes are looking for.  It makes it pretty difficult.	
It's not difficult because its all in the book.	
thank you.  
cu
too many questions for one chapter	
There was a lot of information and questions in this module. I think the information could be condensed into far less questions. 	
o maluco e rico e n joga fps beta dms liam 😳
Some questions need to be worded better due to having ambiguous answers.	
enjoyed it but somequestions seem vague.	
Sometimes questions are counted incorrect because the answer wasn't formatted howthe program wants it, but not because the question was actually answered incorrectly... this can get a little frustrating because it becomes a guessing game on how the program wants the question answered.	
vamo agora
too many options for answers, simplification would expedite the whole process. 
I like this study technique	
great tool to help study 	
🔰⚜️
Overall the material is good and these modules help the students learn material by spotlighting information that may not be obvious (ie: specifying that Labor Rate Variance & Variable Overhead Rate Variance are nearly identical). Combining this approach with the arithmetic mechanics of solving for individual variables gives us a 360 degree view.	
great tool to reinforce the text	
Vocês que se danem, eu vou é pegar lolis!
This is a very good program and I like the way it suggests breaks to give your brain time to process or review the material.	
Slightly too long of time taken on this. If it was a bit shorter it would be easier to sit down and focus rather than rushing through it because you don't want to sit here for too long. 	
I honestly love the Learn Smart system. I spend as little time as possible on it only because I don't have much patience for this material (accounting). LearnSmart does help me prepare to learn more in class, however, and is a great system.	
por que volante preto é pequeno? r:para ele poder dirigir algemado
More points should be rewarded for answers that are half correct or if the majority is correct. Less points taken away for problems that are not missed completely. It seems like if you get 5 questions right it only takes 2 or 3 questions to miss before you are back to the amount you were before you correctly answered the 5 questions.	
What happened to the old fashioned way of learning? 
i dont think this is helpful for the exam!
Regarding the question about whether there are two distinct pathways leading to coagulation or clot formation, although the book mentions the intrinsic and extrinsic pathway leading to the common pathway for clot formation, the book reads on page 662,  Although the extrinsic and intrinsic pathways were once considered distinct, we now know that the extrinsic pathway can activate the clotting factors...... asserting that they are no longer though of as distinct. If the true false question asks if there are two distinct oathways, and the book lists them and classifies them as not being distinct, the answer should not be true, it would be false according to the text.	
create a 'hint' button, also, over 100 questions is a lot.	
this was a review unit for me, so it was not a good test of how useful this tool will be. I hope it  will be more usefull next itme
this is repetition and busy work
I think there should be word banks. 	
Bigest waist of time and doesnt help me at all for my tests. I understand the material when I study it. This is just a frustrating mess that takes up too much time and may help me on average for ONE question on my tests. Otherwise, this takes time away from my studying. The other section where we do actual probloms helps me, and doesnt take too long. But both togeather, plus having two chapters to cover in a section is just too much.
i would rather learn in class and then do these assinments to test myself to see what i retained for class	
Just give us the questions and lets us give the answers. It is to time consuming having to click on whether you think you know the answer or not.	
WAY too many questions!
Some of these questions are worded pretty lame.
Sexta-feira 17h
catupiri com frango
I LIKE CHEESE!	
Ti voglio bene
This is an excellent application; I would reduce the frequency of repeated questions, however, in order to increase efficiency.	
I think some of the questions are confusing the way they are stated	
SOmetime the questions are a little too vague, like there could be more than one right answer. I wsh that the modules were seperated by section. So you would do questions for section 5.1 then when tht was learned do the questions for 5.2 etc. then after all the sections were donethen an overall quiz was done. I feel like I know the material after I read the book and take notes, then when I do the Learsmart I feel like I didn't learn it. I do like how it explains the answers to you after you answer a question. I write those down in my notes.	
I am so lost. This did not help me at all. These questions had nothing to do with what we discussed in class. I tried reall hard and learned nothing. 
On a fill in the blank question, I entered an answer that was correct, but the program did not accept it. There were three blanks and in each a used  an article along with the answer eg; an introduction, a body, a conclusion. It accepted the an introduction and a conclusion but not a body. 	
i dont understand accounting so the questions are ver y hard 	
Been very helpful	
I am a non traditional student who has been away from school for 28 years.  LearnSmart is fantastic for helping me study, build confidence & prepare for exams.	
Feito, a quem funde, boa sorte.
onche-dieu
Harder questions on a smaller question base that's closely retlated to the test.	
I think this is a fun way to learn.  Doing flash cards alone is boring.  Finding a study partner is hard.  Learn smart is the study partner I need.  I like using it to review everyday and keep the information fresh in my head.	
Configuração refatorada.
feito. indo para a cama agora.
This program works as a brillant study guide.	
do nomore learn smart	
porque eu nao sou apenas um aplicativo, eu posso te ajudar .
When theres more than one multiple choice question you can click them and it wont submit unless you click submit, but with multiple choice and theres only one answer and you click it submits automatically.  I didn't realize this for a while so I would click what I thought was the answer as I read through and it'd get submitted without me meaning for that particular one to be submitted.  It just threw me off for a little bit, but now that I realize that happens I've been doing it less.  But i definately inadvertaintly submitted a few wrong things on accident! 	
I just wish they would show complete one you had completed them.	
I think this is a great program.  I really like the fact that it identifies your weak areas and then tells you where to go in the text to review them.  	
This module is really long	
This is a great method, thanks.	
A lot of spelling errors. Some questions don't make sense. On certain questions i'll get the right answer then when I get the same question again and put the same answer it marks me wrong. 
learnsmart really helps me quiz myself	
Por isso mesmo
This is a great tool to help study for test. Maybe having more sections to lower the amount of questions in one section might be helpful. I do like how you can reanswer your questions if you missed them, that is helpful. 	
vai tomar no cu pedro
I didn't use all the time it says beause I walk away from the computer and resume later ect. 	
The source/book is really helpful and easier to study and advance with. Only if you considers using it.	
We haven't learned any of this yet. It really shoudln't be due until after we go over it.
If, on some questions hints can be provided.	
é você miseravi 
I HATE THIS SO MUCH!!!  It takes me hours to answer 20 questions!!!  Ridiculous!!!  This is such a waste of time and I don't feel like I learn ANYTHING from these stupid modules.  
Good style and content.	
Synonyms does not work for filling in the blank questions. I think it's more meaningful, and sometime makes more sense to make some questions multiple choice questions than filling in the blank questions.	
vagabunda do caralho, devolve meu bebê
lessen quantity of questions, please	
all in all i don't fancy 80 questions per chapter it's way too gluesome...
Many of the questions do not reflect the reading material accurately
I've noticed nthe wording and examples on questions are not comparable to that of the book.	
Learnsmart sucks. Connect is where its at.
I think during the work or sollving problems they should give the answer if we get the answer wrong or right	
Some of the questions have more than one answer. Also some of them are worded incorrectly and it makes the test difficult.	
I think I know the material I need to know for the test very much, but I still can say I'm confident that I know everything on this module, but it has been very helpful. Thank you :)	
I'd like a little more explanation when I get it wrong.  It sometimes doesn't show the math for questions missed so I don't know how to do a later problem.	
Very helpful in many ways. However, it does not seem to help with recalling the information without it in front of you. I can think and come up with the right answer with the problem written. But if somebody were to ask me a question in the hallway, for example, it's likely that I wouldn't be able to come up with a good answer. I have not yet found a good solution for this in any subject.	
sim adoro comer a xxta dela toda noite, quer entrar pro grupo?
some of the questions i got wrong were actually correct.	
pq ele é gay 
There are several misspelled words .	
I hate the program. 
i hate you mcgraw hill
Sometimes questions are worded in a confusing way but overall very good way to learn the information. 	
It should give some hint on what type of wording they want as fill in the blank answers. Like when it could be revenue or cash or increase. 	
I'm still frustraded that my learnsmart app still refuses to allow me to use it, and that I have had no response from your company in regards to my muliple requests for help with this issue. 	
Estimated time to complete is WAY off from what it actually takes to complete.  I have to block out at least an hour per module.	
Learnsmart is fucking stupid and I hate doing it in 4 classes every week. Fuck you and fuck McGraw Hill
eppic fail XNAMEX
Since I have just started, it is of great difficultly to provide strong critic; however, from what I have witnessed so far this system appears to be of great use. 	
it was okay	
I hated this chapter.
These modules have been very helpful for learning and memorizing the material/	
Some aspects of the program are frustrating.  Matching questions in particular don't help if I get them wrong.  I have difficulty interpreting the corrections given due to the use of numbers.  Why are letters not only used?
The reason I'm not using Learn Smart like I should, is due to how hard the questions are. How long it take for me to find the question in the book.. If you can make it less hard and less question it could help the person out in there studies. If you couldn't do that, try breaking the question up in section. Or have it set up if they wanted to, have the computer read the question to the person so they can learn the words. thank you.
Hard to do without a book. Instructions for each question should be placed at the top of the card, not the bottom. Lots of grammatical errors. Some questions too wordy.	
it showed me that I need to spend more time on this
Não funciona.
This is a very challenging module and is making me think which will help me retain. 	
N mto,  vc eh mto fraquinho 
I technically haven't spent as much time on LearnSmart as what is being recorded. I leave LearnSmart open when I'm checking my email and doing other homework. After using LearnSmart, I feel that I'm going to do better on my upcoming test.	
Are there any other ways that LearnSmart can help me study so I know everything and don't just memorize it?	
some questions are very misleading and have answers that make no sence along with contradicting what my teacher has taught me. this program is overly expensive for something i can't re-sell to get some of the money back.i would not recommend this program to anybody for this very reason.	
I hate this product.  I would never assign it to students
I really don't think learnsmart helps anyone. 
kkkkkkkk isso é uma viadagem do caraio kkkķkk viado
Its good love the teacher 	
Overall, it was a nice experience.	
Your textbook does not cover some of the questions in the chapter itself but in the appendix.  You change names on accounts you use from the book to what you use online.  
I really appreciate this. It helps me pick up on things in the chapter that I missed on the first and second read-throughs.	
One of the previous questions could be challenged, concerning a wage decrease, employees usually will not be as productive causing the per-unit production cost to rise and a shift to the left.	
I like the varying difficulties of questions. it keeps your mind fresh and focused	
I feel it is only slightly difficult because It is all brand new to me	
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
i want to b able to download the material to my laptop, so i can use it anywhere, not just when i hav internet service, i want to b able to read on my down time	
1st time I ever used it. I enjoyed it.	
Perfect, has helped with not just studying but learning the material. 	
Some mis-spelled words and it took about a half hour before I could get into my asignment due to error authenticating	
consertar bug, para realz
mamãe? 😳😋
I have noticed that this module does not really help with the test questions. I studied for the first test with this module and studied for about 8 hours using this system and noticed that there were not many similiar questions. The professors slide handouts gave better studying infomation relating to the test. 	
i like trains	
The questions don't line up with the chapters in the book. I have spent 20 hours on this assignment (chapters 2 and 3). 
Its not letting you choose more then one answer when needed. its automatically going on after first click.	
RX ILHA DA MACACADA VIADO
for one of the questions I put economy the correct answers was economic maybe have some lean on those things, Also I didn't know my real name would show up in the standings. I should be able to change that 	
Oh, ouviu isso por boatos, não é?
The fill in the blank questions are a little confusing. Sometimes I didn't understand what it was asking for.	
too many fill-in-the-blanks
Thank you!!!!	
The modules help me learn and remember things better.	
Very good.	
Missing a question because I misspelled a word is annoying.	
Não acho que a resposta seja importante.
Need to find a way to perhaps cut the time down a bit	
I think this would be beneficial as a study aid for exams.	
First time taking an online class and so far everything has been good. The learnsmart module is really helping me learn the material.  	
i hate learn smart.
I don't like that if you miss one tiny thing it counts it all wrong.
the question are to verbose. The point of this software is to tech us. I donâ€™t understand why you canâ€™t use more colloquial language when asking students the question. This is Marco 101, should we be expected to know this fairly technical language at this stage? The question remind me of the way my brother explains medical school, they use overly complex language to communicate very simple concepts, for instance, I can say subdural hematoma or I could just say you have bruising in the brain.  You would be doing us a huge favor by teaching us the questions in plane English, them working us to the more technical version of the question once we truly, inherently understand the concept; thatâ€™s what really matters, right ?
iris
batatas com atum!
bem
A Segunda Guerra Mundial foi um conflito militar global que durou de 1939 a 1945, envolvendo a maioria das nações do mundo — incluindo todas as grandes potências — organizadas em duas alianças militares opostas: os Aliados e o Eixo.
ucrania é mais _______
educadamente
O Universo é tudo o que existe fisicamente, a soma do espaço e do tempo e as mais variadas formas de matéria, como planetas, estrelas, galáxias e os componentes do espaço intergaláctico.
Como é o teu nome?
não estou afim
minha amiga caty vive falando desse filme, é bom?
gravidade, segundo Einstein é uma curvatura no espaço tempo
I can possible 
_______
Eu não resposta. Por favor me ensine.
portugues
Eu não resposta. Por favor me ensine.
Eu não resposta. Por favor me ensine.